There is no point , I just think it is a good idea for a tee shirt .
I think this is the place .
No . We are committing genetic fraud . There is no guarantee that our sperm is going to generate high IQ offspring , think about that . I have a sister with the same basic DNA mix who hostesses at Fuddruckers .
I know , and I do yearn for faster downloads , but there is some poor woman is going to pin her hopes on my sperm , what if she winds up with a toddler who does not know if he should use an integral or a differential to solve the area under a curve .
I would not .
I want to leave .
What is the protocol for leaving ?
Let is try just walking out .
Bye bye
You want to hear an interesting thing about stairs ?
If the height of a single step is off by as little as two millimetres , most people will trip .
No , it is true , I did a series of experiments when I was twelve , my father broke his clavicle .
No , that was the result of my work with lasers .
Evidently .
Two hundred pound transvestite with a skin condition , yes she is .
Hi .
Hi .
Hi .
Great .
Bye .
No . We are going to start Season Two of Battlestar Galactica .
Not with commentary .
We never invited Louis slash Louise over .
I have a very wide circle . I have 212 friends on myspace .
That is the beauty of it .
Chat ? We do not chat . At least not offline .
To what end ?
Hi .
Leonard , I am not expert here but I believe in the context of a luncheon invitation , you might want to skip the reference to bowel movements .
Well , today we tried masturbating for money .
Actually that is my work .
Yeah , well , it is just some quantum mechanics , with a little string theory doodling around the edges . That part there , that is just a joke , it is a spoof of the Bourne Oppenheimer approximation .
Yeah .
If by holy smokes you mean a derivative restatement of the kind of stuff you can find scribbled on the wall of any men is room at MIT , sure .
Oh , come on . Who has not seen this differential below “here I sit broken hearted ?”
I did not invent them , they are there .
In all of them , that is the point .
Um , Penny , that is where I sit .
No , I sit there .
What is the difference ?
In the winter that seat is close enough to the radiator to remain warm , and yet not so close as to cause perspiration . In the summer it is directly in the path of a cross breeze created by open windows there , and there . It faces the television at an angle that is neither direct , thus discouraging conversation , nor so far wide to create a parallax distortion , I could go on , but I think I have made my point .
Well .
Fine .
That is not true . Koothrapali and Wolowitz come over all the time .
Tuesday night we played Klingon boggle until one in the morning .
I resent you saying we do not have company .
That is an antisocial implication .
Yes , it tells us that you participate in the mass cultural delusion that the Sun is apparent position relative to arbitrarily defined constellations and the time of your birth somehow effects your personality .
That is interesting . Leonard ca not process corn .
You are lactose intolerant .
It took you four years to get through High School ?
You ? No , you will only make it worse .
Yes .
Yes .
No ?
No .
It has been some time since we have had a woman take her clothes off in our apartment .
Point taken . It has been some time since we have had a woman take her clothes off after which we did not want to rip our eyes out .
So , what exactly are you trying to accomplish here ?
That woman in there is not going to have sex with you .
Oh , good . Then you will not be disappointed .
Yes , but not of the same species .
Oh , of course .
Do you think this possibility will be helped or hindered when she discovers your Luke Skywalker no more tears shampoo ?
Leonard has a lady over .
Technically that would be coitus interruptus .
I really think we should examine the chain of causality here .
Event A . A beautiful woman stands naked in our shower . Event B . We drive half way across town to retrieve a television set from the aforementioned woman is ex boyfriend . Query , on what plane of existence is there even a semi rational link between these events ?
Ah , yes , well that may be the proximal cause of our journey , but we both know it only exists in contradistinction to the higher level distal cause .
You think with your penis .
Oh , right , yes , I could have stayed behind and watched Wolowitz try to hit on Penny in Russian , Arabic and Farsi . Why ca not she get her own TV .
No I do not . And neither do you .
You did not break up with Joyce Kim , she defected to North Korea .
So we get to have a scene with him ?
Leonard , the two of us ca not even carry a TV .
Hello .
Okay , thanks for your time .
Leonard , the TV is in the building , we have been denied access to the building , ergo we are done .
My apologies . What is your plan .
What do you think their combined IQ is ?
Good thinking , I will just be the muscle .
From the intercom .
Tell him about our IQ .
My mom bought me those pants .
You are going to have to call her .
It is okay . It was not my first pantsing , and it will not be my last .
Well you got me out of my pants .
Do not think like that , you are not going to die alone .
And you are certainly not going to win a Nobel Prize .
That was a valid hypothesis ? What is happening to you ?
Thank you . You are not done with her , are you ?
Not to mention imaginary .
We ca not have Thai food , we had Indian for lunch .
They are both curry based cuisines .
They would be gastronomically redundant . I can see we are going to have to spell out everything for this girl .
I do not know what your odds are in the world as a whole , but as far as the population of this car goes , you are a veritable Mack Daddy .Leonard : There you go , Pad Thai , no peanuts .
Since it is not bee season , you can have my epinephrine .
You do not need chopsticks , this is Thai food .
Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the nineteenth century . Interestingly they do not actually put the fork in their mouth , they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into their mouth .
Hi .
Do not take it personally , it is his pathology , he ca not talk to women .
You are kidding , right ?
You realise that scene was rife with scientific inaccuracy .
Oh no , let is assume that they can . Lois Lane is falling , accelerating at an initial rate of 32 feet per second per second . Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel . Miss Lane , who is now travelling at approximately 120 miles per hour , hits them , and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces .
In what space , sir , in what space ? She is two feet above the ground . Frankly , if he really loved her , he had let her hit the pavement . It would be a more merciful death .
Are you listening to yourself , it is well established that Superman is flight is a feat of strength , it is an extension of his ability to leap tall buildings , an ability he derives from Earth is yellow Sun .
Uh , a combination of the moon is solar reflection and the energy storage capacity of Kryptonian skin cells .
Challenge accepted .  We are locked out .
I hardly think so .
Well , we do not have a dolly , or lifting belts , or any measurable upper body strength .
Archimedes would be so proud .
Yes , but they all involve a green lantern and a power ring .
Exactly half .
What is your formula for the corner .
You do understand that our efforts here will in no way increase the odds of you having sexual congress with this woman ?
Yeah , those are men who just had sex .
No we are not , no we are not , no we are not .
Sssshhhh ! Penny is sleeping .
I had no choice . I could not sleep knowing that just outside my bedroom was our living room , and just outside our living room was that hallway , and immediately adjacent to that hallway was… this .
I just gave you a reasonable explanation .
Do not be ridiculous . I have no peers .
Evolution has made women sensitive to high pitched noises while they sleep , so that they will be roused by a crying baby . If you want to avoid waking her , speak in a lower register .
No ,  that is ridiculous .
I am not leaving until I am done .
If you have time to lean , you have time to clean .
I have to say , I slept splendidly . Granted , not long , but just deeply and well .
Sarcasm ?
Granted , my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox , but I think the end result will be a measurable enhancement of Penny is quality of life .
You do not think that crosses a line ?
You have a sarcasm sign ?
Do you want some cereal . I am feeling so good today I am going to choose from the low fibre end of the shelf . Hello , Honey Puffs .
I may have left a suggested organisational schematic for her bedroom closet .
Goodbye , Honey Puffs , hello Big Bran .
Really more to organise , you are not actually dirty , per se .
And snoring . And that is probably just a sinus infection , but it could be sleep apnoea , you might want to see an otolaryngologist . It is a throat doctor .
Depending on the depth , that is either a proctologist or a general surgeon .  Oh !
Penny , Penny , just to clarify because there will be a discussion when you leave , is your objection solely to our presence in the apartment while you were sleeping , or do you also object to the imposition of a new organisational paradigm .  Well that was a little non responsive .
That was not sarcasm ?
Wooh , boy , you are all over the place this morning .  I have a masters and two PhD is , I should not have to do this .
I am truly sorry for what happened last night , I take full responsibility . And I hope that it will not colour your opinion of Leonard , who is not only a wonderful guy , but also , I hear , a gentle and thorough lover .  I did what I could .
His imaginary girlfriend broke up with him .
Check .
Check .
Considering what ? How great this place looks ?
We could put her stereo back there .
Run an infra red repeater , photocell here , emitter here , easy peasy .
Hang on Penny . How about fans , here and here ?
And if water is involved we are going to have to ground the crap out of the thing .
Right , then the entire thing is one big heat sink .
Good lord !
Lock and load .
I have got the Sword of Azeroth !
There is no more Sheldon , I am the Swordmaster !
Goodbye , peasants .
I am a rogue knight elf , do not you people read character descriptions ? Wait , wait , wait , somebody just clicked “buy it now .”
Do not forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose so you had have an excuse to talk to her .
Penny for your thoughts .
Please do not tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy .
Well , at least now you can retrieve the black box from the twisted smouldering wreckage that was once your fantasy of dating her , and analyse the data so that you do not crash into geek mountain again .
The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye ?
Well , I do not think you have a shot there . I have noticed that Lesley Winkle recently started shaving her legs . Now , given that winter is coming one can only assume that she is signalling sexual availability .
That depends . When I learn that I am a robot , will I be able to handle it ?
Uh , let me ask you this . When I learn that I am a robot , would I be bound by Asimov is three laws of robotics ?
Of course not .
Well , no .
The internet is been down for half an hour .
Oh , I have seen that look before . This is just going to be two weeks of moping and tedious emo songs , and calling me to come down to pet stores to look at cats . I do not know if I can take it .
Oh , good lord .
If you are compiling a mix CD for a double suicide .  Oh , I hope that scratching post is for you .
Leonard , listen to me…
Leonard , do you really think you can satisfy your need for a relationship with a genetically altered cat ?
Oh , come on , Leonard ! This is obviously about Penny .
Okay , look , I think that you have as much of a chance of having a sexual relationship with Penny as the Hubble Telescope does of discovering at the centre of every black hole is a little man with a flashlight searching for a circuit breaker . Nevertheless , I do feel obligated to point out to you that she did no reject you . You did not ask her out .
No . No , now that was not my point . My point was , do not buy a cat .
Oh , goody , we are getting a cat .
Could you be more specific ?
No . The dark crescent shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely . What time is your date ?
Perfect , that gives you two hours and fifteen minutes for that dense molecular cloud of Aramis to dissipate .
Not if you are a rugby team .
Why would I join you ?
Oh , no , no , no , well now , there is always the possibility that alcohol and poor judgement on her part might lead to a nice romantic evening .
Of course , there is the other possibility that this date kicks off a rather unpleasant six months of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall until one of you breaks down and moves to another zip code .
If I could of , I would of .
Is the sex starting now ?
Oh , okay , well then , calm down .
Alright , alright , well , just , sit down , yes , sit down , now close your eyes .
Just do it .
Now try to increase your alpha wave activity .
It is a bio feedback technique , it is relaxation through brain wave manipulation , I read a paper about it in the Journal of American Neuroscience , it was a little sparsely sourced but I think the basic science is valid , I probably have it here somewhere .
Me ?
What should I tell her .
Okay .
Got it . So I am assuming nothing venereal . I will just tell her that you had a routine colonoscopy and have not quite bounced back .
But I thought you wanted to cancel ?
Why would she be expecting me ?
So , how was your date ?
Score one for liquor and poor judgement .
I have been thinking about time travel again .
Put it on the back burner . Anyway , it occurs to me , if I ever did perfect a time machine , I had just go into the past and give it to myself , thus eliminating the need for me to invent it in the first place .
Yeah , it really takes the pressure off .
It is time travel , Leonard , I will have already done that .
No , congratulations will have been in order . You know , I am not going to enjoy this party .
At the last department party , Dr Finkleday cornered me and talked about spelunking for 45 minutes .
You know what is interesting about caves , Leonard ?
Nothing .
How is this ? Pleased to meet you , Dr Gablehouser . How fortunate for you that the University has chosen to hire you , despite the fact that you have done no original research in 25 years , and instead have written a series of popular books that reduce the great concepts of science to a series of anecdotes , each one dumbed down to accommodate the duration of an average bowel movement . Mahalo .
Do you know there are only eight consonants in the Hawaiian language .
Well here is an interesting turn of events .
A more plausible explanation is that his work in robotics has made an amazing leap forward .
An actual real scientist .  How was that ?
In my defence , I prefaced that by saying “with all due respect .”
Morning .
This is not breakfast , it is an experiment .
I finally have the time to test my hypothesis , about the separation of the water molecules from the egg proteins , and its impact vis a vis taste .
As do I .
I do not want my job back . I have spent the last three and a half years staring at greaseboards full of equations . Before that I spent four years working on my thesis . Before that I was in college , and before that , I was in the fifth grade . This is my first day off in decades , and I am going to savour it .
I am not just fixing my eggs , I am fixing everyone is eggs .
Oh , well this would be one of those circumstances that people unfamiliar with the law of large numbers would call a coincidence .
I need eggs . Four dozen should suffice .
Yes , and evenly distributed amongst brown , white , free range , large , extra large and jumbo .
Never mind , you will not get it right , I had better come with you .
I am taking a sabbatical , because I will not kow tow to mediocre minds .
Theoretical physicists do not get canned . But yeah .
No it does not . Not unless the two doors are connected by relays , or there are motion sensors involved .
Or the first door closing causes a change of air pressure that acts upon the second door .
Slow down . Slow down , please slow down .
Look , you are not leaving yourself enough space between cars .
No , no . Let me do the math for you , this car weighs let is say 4 ,000lb , now add say 140 for me , 120 for you .
Oh , I am sorry , did I insult you ? Is your body mass somehow tied into your self worth ?
Interesting . Anyway , that gives us a total weight of , let is say , 4 ,400lb .
Fine . We are travelling forward at , good Lord , 51 miles an hour . Now let is assume that your brakes are new and the callipers are aligned , still , by the time we come to a stop , we will be occupying the same space as that Buick in front of us , an impossibility that nature will quickly resolve into death , mutilation and… oh look , they built a new put put course .
No , thank you . And thank you , ordinary person . Hey , you want to hear an interesting thing about tomatoes .
Uh , yes , but anyone who knows anything about the dynamics of bacterial growth knows to pick up their refrigerated foods on the way out of the supermarket .
No , this is fun . Oh , the thing about tomatoes , and I think you will really enjoy this , is , they are shelved with the vegetables , but they are technically a fruit .
Is not it ?
Well , there is some value to taking a multivitamin , but the human body can only absorb so much , what you are buying here are the ingredients for very expensive urine .
Well then you will want some manganese .
Are you sure . There are a lot of advantages to buying in bulk . For example , I noticed that you purchase your tampons one month is supply at a time .
Well think about it , it is a product that does not spoil , and you are going to be needing them for at least the next thirty years .
Well , thirty , thirty five , hey , when did your mother go into menopause ?
Oh , Penny , this is a natural human process , and we are talking about statistically significant savings . Now , if you assume 15 tampons per cycle and a 28 day cycle , are you fairly regular ?  Okay , no warehouse store , but we are still on for put put golf , right ?
I think it is her time of the month . I marked the calendar for future reference .
It is an experiment .
Oh , that was a dead end . Scrambled eggs are as good as they are ever going to be .
I read an article about Japanese scientists , who inserted DNA from luminous jellyfish into other animals , and I thought hey , fish nightlights .
It is a billion dollar idea . Shhhhh !
Oh , no , no , no . No , I have too much to do .
Shhhhh !
That is just the beginning . I also have an idea for a bulk mail order feminine hygiene company . Oh , glow in the dark tampons ! Leonard , we are going to be rich .
Thank you .
I was working with luminous fish , and I thought , hey , loom ! Mom , what are you doing here ?
I know , but why ?
This is not a sarape . This is a poncho . A sarape is open at the sides , a poncho is closed , this is a poncho , and neither is a reason to call someone is mother .
I went to the market with Penny .
Well then buckle up , in the next four to eight days she is going to get very crabby .
Yes , well I am not a child , I am a grown man capable of living my life as I see fit . And I certainly do not need someone telling on me to my mother .
To my room , and no one is allowed in .
Morning .
It is my idea of what DNA would look like in a silicon based life form .
What do you want , mom ?
Yeah .
What for ?
No .
I am not going to apologise , I did not say anything that was not true .
Why not ?
Would not have been any ass kickings if that stupid death ray had worked .
Dr Gablehouser .
Um , as you know , several weeks ago in our first encounter we may have gotten off on the wrong foot , when I called you an idiot . And I just wanted to say that I was wrong . To point it out .
I got my job back .
I am not quite sure . It involves a part of the human experience that has always eluded me .
Thanks , mom . Mom ?
Is Dr Gablehouser going to be my new daddy ?
Alright , I am moving my infantry division , augmented by a battalion of Orcs from Lord of the Rings , we flank the Tennessee Volunteers , and the North once again wins the Battle of Gettysburg .
We do not eat here , I do not know what is good .
Statistically unlikely .
I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers , you ca not make the assumption that I will like the hamburgers here .
Ca not we just go to Big Boy ? They only have one burger . The Big Boy .
Excuse me , in a world that already includes the Big Boy , why would I settle for something like a Big Boy ?
Fine , I will have the Barbecue Burger .
Waitresses do not yell at you at Big Boy .
We do not . This is a disturbing aberration .
He asked her out once , it was an embarrassing failure .
Oh , I am sorry , was that supposed to be a secret ?
Well I assume she meant that the two of you together would constitute a couple that others might consider cute . An alternate , and somewhat less likely interpretation , is that you could manufacture one . As in , oh look , Leonard and Lesley made Mr and Mrs Goldfarb , are not they adorable .
You are a lucky man , Leonard .
You are talking to one of the three men in the Western hemisphere capable of following that train of thought .
I said I could follow it , I did not say I cared .
I need your opinion on a matter of semiotics .
Semiotics . The study of signs and symbols , it is a branch of philosophy related to linguistics .
Just come with me .
What does it mean ?
Yes , but I was eleven .
So you are saying Leonard has a girl in there .
Oh , yes , but there is usually planning , courtship and advance notice . Last time I was able to book a cruise to the Arctic to see a solar eclipse .
I did not have to , the dates just happened to coincide .
Well , there is Leonard .  And he is either with Lesley Winkle or a 1930 is gangster .
No , no , wait , hold on .
I do not know what the protocol is here . Do I stay , do I leave ? Do I wait to greet them with a refreshing beverage ?
Big boy !  Someone touched my board . Oh God , my board . Leonard ! Leonard !
My equations , someone is tampered with my equations .
Of course I am sure . Look at the beta function of quantum chrono dynamics , the sign is been changed .
Are you insane ? Are you out of your mind ? Are you… . hey look , that fixes the problem I have been having .
You did this ?
Cool ?
Uh duh , hold on , hold on !
Who told you you could touch my board ?
I do not come into your house and touch your board .
Oh , that is so… so…
Inconsiderate , that is the adjective , inconsiderate .
I am coming .
Boy , you are wound awfully tight for a man who just had sexual intercourse .
Do you realise I may have to share a Nobel Prize with your booty call ?
She is not that intelligent .
She got lucky .
I do not have to believe in it for her to be lucky .
Leonard ?
I still do not care .
You know , I think I may have misjudged this restaurant .
I will not go out on a limb , but I think we may be looking at my new Tuesday hamburger .
Way ahead of you . I was thinking of moving Big Boy to Thursdays , and just dropping Soup Plantation .
Yeah , the name always confused me anyway , Soup Plantation . You ca not grow soup .
Terrific , you will be happy to know that I plan to come here every Tuesday night for the foreseeable future .
Who do I speak to about permanently reserving this table ?
You know why this hamburger surpasses the Big Boy ? This is a single decker hamburger whereas the Big Boy is a double decker . This has a much more satisfying meat to bun to condiment ratio .
Of course I am listening . Blah blah , hopeless Penny delusion , blah blah blah .Raj : Okay , if no one else will say it , I will . We really suck at paintball .
You know , we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people to follow the chain of command .
No , I want to talk about the fact that Wolowitz shot me in the back .
I was giving clear , concise orders .
Sure , if you consider being fragged by your own troops fun .  You clear space on your calendar , there will be an enquiry .
Dancing ?
The thing is , we are not… .
No .
A Halloween party ?
Yes , but are the costumes random , or genre specific ?
What about comic books ?
Anime ?
TV  , film , D&D , Manga , Greek Gods , Roman Gods , Norse Gods…
Oh no !
See , this is why I wanted to have a costume meeting .
I do not care if anybody gets it , I am going as the Doppler Effect .
If I have to , I can demonstrate . Neeeeoooowwwww !
Well , what exactly do you mean by embarrass you ?
Well , there is nothing embarrassing about that , your father worked with Lewis Leakey , a great anthropologist . It had nothing to do with your bed wetting .
And you said the party starts at seven .
It is 7 :05 .
So what time does the costume parade start ?
Yeah , so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume , you know , most frightening , most authentic , most accurate visual representation of a scientific principle .
This party is just going to suck .
Yes . It is the apparent change in the frequency of a wave caused by relative motion between the source of the wave and the observer .
See , people get it .
I am confused . If there is no costume parade , what are we doing here ?
Telepathically ?
And that is the kind of sloppy costuming which results from a lack of rules and competition .
Well , I actually might be able to help .
Like Jane Goodall observing the apes , I initially saw their interactions as confusing and unstructured , but patterns emerge , they have their own language if you will .
Well , it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting “How wasted am I ?” which is met with an approving chorus of “Dude .”
That is as far as I have gotten .
Good luck .
Oh , I hardly think so .
Are not you afraid I will embarrass you ?
Alright , but if we are going to use flight metaphors I am much more suited to being the guy from the FAA , analysing wreckage .
Hello .
Me ? I will give you a hint . Neeeeooooowwwww !
Close ! Neeeeeoooooowwwww !
I am the Doppler Effect .
Well , why do not you just tell people you are one of the seven dwarves .
Yes , well , I am the Doppler Effect .
What ?
What do you suppose he is doing here ? Besides disrupting the local gravity field .
Oh , snap . So I guess we will be leaving now .
You have a back up hypothesis .
Or maybe she wants to be friends , and he wants something more .
Yes , but you are much closer to it than he is .
And male partners . Animal partners . Large primordial eggplants , pretty much whatever tickled his fancy .
True . Why do not you text him that and see if he backs down ?
Face to face ? Are you going to wait for him to sit down , or are you going to stand on a coffee table ?
Given the reaction to my costume , this party is a scathing indictment of the American education system .
Yet another child left behind .
Because he is neither tall nor immortal , and none of us could be The Flash .
I am not . No offence .
If he understands that , you are in trouble .
You are in trouble .
Let me remind you , while my moral support is absolute , in a physical confrontation I will be less than useless .
He is a Hobbit ! I have got your back .
Happy Halloween .  If it is any consolation , I thought that homo habilus line really put him in his place .
Tea . When people are upset the cultural convention is to bring them hot beverages . There there . You want to talk about it ?
Good . There there was really all I had .
Good night Leonard .
He is not here . Maybe the Avenger summoned him .
Thank you for the clarification .
Well I am sure he will be fine . He has his hammer .
If we are all through playing mock the flawed technology , can we get on with Halo night , we were supposed to start at eight , it is now 8 :06 .
Yes , first we have to decide if those lost six minutes will be coming out of game time , bathroom time or the pizza break .
Oh , what fresh hell is this ?
8 :08 .
You know , I apologise for my earlier outburst , who needs Halo when we can be regaled with the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha ?
Oh good grief .
And I cannot believe people pay for horoscopes , but on a more serious note it is 8 :13 and we are still not playing Halo .
One on one ? We do not play one on one , we play teams , not one on one . One on one !
Uh , no . The wheel was a great idea . Relativity was a great idea . This is a notion , and a rather sucky one at that .
Why ? Oh , Penny , Penny , Penny .
This is a complex battle simulation with a steep learning curve , there are myriad weapons , vehicles and strategies to master , not to mention an extremely intricate back story .
Mine .
Yes , but whoever is her partner will be hamstrung by her lack of experience and not to mention that fact that sh… .
Okay , this is not at all good sportsmanship to shoot somebody who is just respawned , you need to give them a chance to  now come on !
Okay , that is it , I do not know how , but she is cheating . No one can be that attractive and be this skilled at a video game .
What ?
You laugh now , you just wait until you need tech support .
And another thing , there is a certain ethic to the game , Penny , a well estab…
Well she could have said goodbye .
It is called carpal tunnel syndrome , and quite frankly you deserve it .
Hold that thought , Leonard , a moment .
Where do I begin ?
Well first , we do not have house guests , frankly if I could afford the rent I had ask you to leave .
Well , our earthquake supplies , we have a two day , two man kit .
So , if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here , we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon .
No one ever thinks it will happen until it does .
He is engaging in reductio ad absurdum . It is the logical fallacy of extending someone is argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticising the result , and I do not appreciate it .
Okay , well since I am obviously being ignored here , let is go over the morning schedule , I use the bathroom from 7 to 7 :20 , plan your ablutions and bodily functions accordingly .
I suggest no liquids after 11pm .
Hmmph , wrong .
Your head goes on the other end .
It is culturally universal , a bed , even a temporary bed , is always oriented with the headboard away from the door . It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders .
Hm !
Yes . If you use my toothbrush I will jump out that window . Please do not come to my funeral . Have a good night .
Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment , I have awakened at 6 :15 , poured myself a bowl of cereal , added a quarter cup of 2% milk , sat on this end of this couch , turned on BBC America and watched Doctor Who .
Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment , I have awakened at 6 :15 , poured myself a bowl of cereal… .
Because I am neither an invalid nor a woman celebrating Mother is Day .
Okay , this cereal has lost all its molecular integrity , I now have a bowl of shredded wheat paste .
Well there is one beloved children is book I will never read again .
I am Sheldon .
Oh , terrific , now we are running a cute little B&B .
Well then , it is all settled , Christie will stay with Howard , Penny can go back to her apartment , and I will watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who , although at this point it is more like Doctor Why Bother .
No more talking , everybody go .
I imagine there are not many kosher corn huskers .
Let me walk you through it , our standard is , the steamed dumpling appetizer , General So is chicken , beef with broccoli , shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo main . Do you see the problem ?
Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided among four people .
Fine , what do you want to eliminate , and who gets the extra dumpling .
Then it is no longer a dumpling , once you cut it open it is at best a very small open faced sandwich .
He is putting his needs ahead of the collective good .  Where he comes from , that is punishable by death .
No , if we fill up on dumplings we will need to eliminate another entree .
And divide it how , I am telling you we cannot do this without Wolowitz .
Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food , she uses a fork , and she double dips her egg rolls .
Exactly , but we had have to if she was here .
No .
I will know .
What about the won tons ?
It is Halo night .
Yes . Penny , we would very much appreciate it if you would be the fourth member of our Halo team . I do not think I need to tell you what an honour this is .
You ca not go out , it is Halo night .
You go dancing every Wednesday .
Then it is not dancing night .
Tonight is Halo night , it is like talking to a wall .
Yes , but you did not portray her as completely irrational .
Okay , assuming we could dance , which we ca not , there are three of us and two of them .
It is the Chinese restaurant all over again . I assure you that cutting a dumpling in thirds is child is play compared with three men , each attempting to dance with 67% of a woman .
Your anger is not with me , sir , but with basic mathematics .
The only man who can restore any semblance of balance to our universe .
No , I am going to ask him to choose between sex and Halo 3 . As far as I know , sex has not been upgraded to include high def graphics and enhanced weapon systems .
My point .
It is Halo night .
Shhh !
I ca not shoot now , I am cloaking .
That is why the call it cloaking , dead man .
We said no tanks .
And now you are out of life . Why did you hit pause ?
Damn you , walletnook .com .
The online description was completely misleading , they said eight slots plus removable ID , to any rational person that would mean room for nine cards , but they do not tell you the removable ID takes up one slot , it is a nightmare .
It is been in every wallet I have owned since I was five .
It says keep this on your person at all times .  It is right here under Batman is signature .
Hi .
If I may , your parents probably do not consider this meddling , while arranged marriages are no longer the norm , Indian parents continue to have a greater than average involvement in their children is lives .
You seemed confused .
It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one is children enter the medical profession .
What is not to love ?
I suggest you go through with it .
Romantic love as the basis for marriage has only existed since the nineteenth century . Up until then , arranged marriages were the norm , and it served society quite well .
Understandable , but there is a universality to that story which transcends ethnicity .
No need , we have the special edition .
Okay , there is a lab animal supply company in Reseda you could try , but if your research is going to have human applications may I suggest white mice instead , their brain chemistry is far closer to ours .
With certain obvious exceptions . Suicide , for example .
I will have a diet coke .
Fine . I will have a virgin cuba libre .
Yes ,
Yes . And would you make it diet ?
A cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge .
Bartenders are supposed to have people skills .
And now we will never know .
Sorry I am late .
Nothing , I just really did not want to come . Virgin diet cuba libre please .
In a tall glass , with a lime wedge .
So , how is Koothrappali d… . oh my Lord .
That is Princess Punchali .
No , no , Princess Punchali from The Monkey and the Princess .
It is a children is story .
When I was a little boy and got sick , which was most of the time , my mother would read it to me . It is about an Indian princess who befriends a monkey , who was mocked by all the other monkeys because he was different . For some reason I related to it quite strongly .
That woman looks exactly like the pictures of Princess Punchali in the book . How often does one see a beloved fictional character come to life ?
Forgive me your highness , for I am but a monkey , and it is in my nature to climb . I did not mean to gaze upon you as you comb your hair .
You are the living embodiment of the beautiful Princess Punchali .
A beloved character from an Indian folk tale .
You Indian .
The resemblance is remarkable . I can practically smell the lotus blossoms woven into your ebony hair .
I shower twice a day and wash my hands as often as I can .
It was said that the Gods fashioned her eyes out of the stars , and that roses were ashamed to bloom in the presence of her ruby lips .
What ?
I am not hitting on her .
Exactly the kind of spirit with which Princess Punchali led the monkeys to freedom .
Luckily for you , she could have you beheaded .
I could eat .
How would I know , do you have a low sperm count ?
What did I do ?
Oh . Alright , noted . Sorry .
And may I point out she would not have asked me to go with her if you had not been drunk and boring .
And boring , her words .
Okay , well , good night .
We ate . She lectured me on the link between gum disease and heart attacks , nothing I did not already know , and I came home .
Why would I see her again ? I already have a dentist .
Look at me , look at me , I have got goosebumps .
No , we turned our stereo down by sending a signal around the world via the internet .
Someone in Sezchuan province , China is using his computer to turn our lights on and off .
They found the remote controlled cars .
You may want to put on slacks .
Not to mention you had have to power down on Saturdays .
Well , there is always the possibility that a trash can spontaneously formed around the letter , but Occam is Razor would suggest that someone threw it out .
I know . I read it before I threw it out .
Because I have no interest in standing in the Rose Room of the Pasadena Marriott in front of a group of judgemental strangers , who would not recognise true genius if it were standing in front of them giving a speech . Which , if I were there , it would be .
Leonard , please do not take this the wrong way , but the day you win a Nobel Prize , is the day I begin my research on the drag co efficient of tassles on flying carpets .
No we do not . We have to take in nourishment , expel waste , and inhale enough oxygen to keep ourselves from dying , everything else is optional .
You ca not . I am the lead author .
I let you think we went alphabetically to spare you the humiliation of dealing with the fact that it was my idea . Not to put too fine a point on it , but I was throwing you a bone . You are welcome .
It does not need proving .
They are not supposed to , but they should .
And I forbid it .
If I am not taking credit for our work then nobody is .
No , once again , I am throwing you a bone . And once again , you are welcome .
Uh , just the latest copy of Applied Particle Physics Quarterly .
Penny , just to save you from further awkwardness know that I am perfectly comfortable with the two of us climbing the stairs in silence .
Oh dear God !
A little misunder… . Galileo and the Pope had a little misunderstanding .
Huh .
I do not understand the question .
Oh . I had not thought about it like that . I wonder if I have been experiencing physiological manifestations of some sort of unconscious emotional turmoil .
I could not poop this morning .
It is certainly preferable to my plan .
A powerful laxative .
Excuse me , little idea ?
Of course you did not , he said little idea ?
In what words then , exactly
What did he say ?
Do not you ever speak to me again .
Have fun presenting my lucky hunch .
Then why did you say it .
Were you trying to impress Penny ?
How had that work out for you ?
Libido 1 , truth zero .
And I am telling you for the last time it is pandering , it is undignified and bite me .
Goodbye Penny .  Oooh , one of these days , Pkshhhh !
Oh , I see , was the apple falling on Newton is head , was that just an anecdote ?
No , no that is true , gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple .
You continue to underestimate me , my good man .
As I have explained repeatedly , unlike you , I do not need validation from lesser minds . No offence .
Because I knew you had screw this up .
Oh , please . I admit , that spherical chicken joke , that was hilarious . But it was straight downhill from there .
So you admit that you are an egotist ?
Okay , that is it .
Then I will settle for an aneurysm .
You hit me . You saw him , he hit me .
So it was working .
Oh we will see about that  , heads up you people in the front row , this is a splash zone .
I really do not understand what you are so unhappy about , you begged me to come , I came , there is just no pleasing you .
Well that is not much of an apology , but I will take it .
Yes . I am sorry I tried to blow up your head . It was uncalled for .
Now , who would do that ?
Forget your suit , look at my arms waving , I am like a flamingo on Ritalin .
Okay , then riddle me this . Assuming all the good Terminators were originally evil Terminators created by Skynet but then reprogrammed by the future John Connor , why would Skynet , an artificial computer intelligence , bother to create a petite hot 17 year old killer robot ?
Artificial intelligences do not have teen fetishes .
 , too late , I win .
I do not know , but if cats could sing , they had hate it too .  .
I do not guess . As a scientist I reach conclusions based on observation and experimentation , although as I am saying this it occurs to me you may have been employing a rhetorical device rendering my response moot .
I have a conclusion based on an observation .
I think I know .
I think that is a week from Tuesday at six .
You just lied to Penny .
And you did it so casually , no rapid breathing , no increase in perspiration .
So , lack of a physiological response while lying is characteristic of a violent sociopath .
No , I imagine if you were going to kill me you had have done it a long time ago .
I need to speak to you .
It is important .
Yes .
You are right , it can wait until morning .
Never mind . I clearly woke you up in the middle of a REM cycle , you are in no state to talk .
I am uncomfortable having been included in your lie to Penny .
You could have told her the truth .
Is that a relevant factor ?
Then I suppose you could have agreed to go .
I would suggest something to the effect of , singing is neither an appropriate vocation nor avocation for you , and if you disagree , I had recommend you have a CAT scan , to look for a tumour pressing on the cognitive processing centre of your brain .
Why ?
I was not aware of that .
Oh , alright . Leonard .
When we played chess earlier , you were terrific and I ca not wait to play you again . Goodnight .
I was analysing our lie , and I believe we are in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse .
Simple . If she were to log on to www .socalphysicsgroup .org/activities/other , click on upcoming events , scroll down to seminars , download the pdf schedule , and look for the seminar on molecular positronium , well then , bippidy boppidy boo , our pants are metaphorically on fire .
Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Good morning .
Of course I do . My watch is linked to the atomic clock in Boulder , Colorado . It is accurate to one tenth of a second . But as I am saying this it occurs to me that once again your question may have been rhetorical .
Remember how Leonard told you we could not come to your performance because we were attending a symposium on molecular positronium ?
Yes , well , he lied .
He lied , and I am feeling very uncomfortable about it .
Hungry ? Tired ? I am sorry this really is not my strong suit .
To help you .
She was going to see through your lie eventually , so I told her that you were lying to protect me .
Hunger ? Indigestion , I am sorry I am really not very good at this . Anyway , Penny now believes that on Friday night , we are going to participate in my cousin Leopold is drug intervention .
Yea , who most people call Leo , but he also answers to Lee , remember that , it is important .
Details , Leonard , the success or failure of our deceitful enterprise turns on details .
No , I made him up . I think you had call him Lee .
Well , first of all , your lie was laughably transparent , where mine is exquisitely convoluted . While you were sleeping I was weaving an un unravelable web .
Yes , if she googles Leopold Houston she will find a facebook page , an online blog depicting his descent into drug use , and a desperate yet hopeful listing on e harmony .com .
Ah , because it is in Long Beach , and I do not drive .
No , of course not , there is no cousin Leo , there is no intervention , focus Leonard .
We just leave the house on Friday night , and we return in the wee hours emotionally wrung out from the work of convincing Leo to go back into rehab .
Yes , but , he can relapse if Penny ever invites us to go hear her sing again .
For a noble purpose , to spare me the social embarrassment of having a drug addled first cousin , which I am assuming is embarrassing , yes ?
That is the best part , you do not have to , see I told Penny that you would be embarrassed , if you knew that she found out that you had lied , so she is agreed to operate as if the original lie was still in force .
Un unravelable .
Well , uh , Penny is on her way to perform in a one night showcase production of Rent , which we are unable to attend because we are going to a symposium on molecular positronium , given by Dr Emile Farminfarmian .
Okay , sure . I do not see a problem with that .
Good for you .
Break a leg .
It is a very nice community . The Queen Mary is docked there , once the largest ocean liner in the world , it is now a hotel and restaurant where they host a surprisingly gripping murder mystery dinner .
No , no , no , Leonard gets nauseous unless he sits in front , and even then it is iffy .
No , that is the least of our worries . I have been doing some research on addiction , both the biochemical and behavioural aspects , and I think there is a problem with the current version of our lie .
Sadly , it is not . Substance abuse is a lifelong struggle , but beyond that I have realised that the Leo I described would not have agreed to go to rehab .
Because Leo is a middle child .
You did not read the bio , did you ? He is not just a middle child , he is the quintessential middle child , from a broken home to boot . Psychologically speaking , the attention he gets by rebelling even to the point of self destruction is more emotionally valuable than the help he would get at rehab .
Great , what is it ?
Fine .  I have hesitated to point this out , but I must now remind you that we are in our current predicament because of your initial and totally inadequate deceit . I am just trying to clean up after your mess .  We will talk in the morning .
Excuse me , we just went over this . As the quintessential middle child , your addiction is rooted in your unmet need for attention .
For your information , this is all based on solid research , stick with the character profile I wrote for you .
I am sorry , Leonard , this is Toby Loobenfeld , he is a research assistant in the particle physics lab , but he also minored in theatre at MIT .
Well , you see , while Leo would not have gone into rehab , it is completely plausible that we would have talked him into leaving the motel , and coming home with us .
No . We are going with middle child , and a generic predisposition to inadequate serotonin production .
Subtextually , of course .  Just have fun with it .  Morning Penny .
Unfortunately , we were not able to convince him to go to rehab .
But we did convince him to leave the motel . Come say hello . Leo , this is Penny , our friend and neighbour .
Do not forget his genetic predisposition towards addiction .
There have been studies .
How could there be a double blind study , who would be the control group .
Your parents made the right decision .
Checkmate .
Obviously you are not well suited for three dimensional chess , perhaps three dimensional candyland would be more your speed .
It must be humbling to suck on so many different levels .
From the data at hand you really ca not draw that conclusion . All you can say with absolute certainty is that that joke is not funny here .
Sick ?
I do not need you to guess , I need you to know , now when did the symptoms first appear ?
Friday , was that morning or afternoon ?
Think woman , who blew their nose and when ?
Oh please , if influenza was only contagious after symptoms appear it would have died out thousands of years ago . Somewhere between tool using and cave painting , homo habilus would have figured out to kill the guy with the runny nose .
Thanks for your consideration , now please leave .
What ?
I am making petrie dishes to grow throat cultures .
I need a growth medium , and someone polished off the apricot yoghurt . Here , swab my throat .
Leonard ! If I am going to get ahead of this thing I need to find out what is growing in my throat .
We have no idea what pathogen Typhoid Penny has introduced into our environment . And having never been to Nebraska I am fairly certain that I have no cornhusking antibodies .
When I am lying comatose in a hospital relying on inferior minds to cure me , these jello cultures and my accompanying notes will give them a fighting chance .
Wait .  Put this in the bathroom .
I need to measure my fluid intake and output to make sure my kidneys are not shutting down .
No , that measuring cup has always been for urine .
It is right here on the bottom .
Leonard , where are you ?
At six thirty in the morning ?
On Sunday ?
Why ?
Well , I did not hear the phone ring .
Well , as I predicted , I am sick . My fever has been tracking up exponentially since 2am , and I am producing sputum at an alarming rate .
No . Not only that , it has shifted from clear to milky green .
What else would I drink ? Gasses ? Solids ? Ionised plasma ?
I want soup .
We do not have soup .
Is that a dog ?
In the lab ?
Howard , I am sick .
I need soup .
I am sick , thank you very much .
You are a carrier . All these people here are doomed . You are doomed !
I want soup .
Penny , I have an IQ of 187 , do not you imagine that if there were a way for me to have had soup at home I would have thought of it ?
I did not think of that . Clearly febrile delirium is setting in , please bring me some soup while I still understand what a spoon is for .
Well , my mother used to make me this split pea with little frankfurter slices and these home made croutons .
Can I get any of those with little frankfurter slices and home made croutons ?
Then surprise me .  Would you call that moss green or forest green ?
Thanks for bringing me home .
Good . Good .
Wait , where are you going ?
You are going to leave me ?
Well , of course , but , not by myself .
Well , once . When I was fifteen , and spending the summer at the Heidelberg Institute in Germany .
No , visiting professor . Anyway , the local cuisine was a little more sausage based than I am used to , and the result was an internal blitzkrieg with my lower intestine playing the part of Czechoslovakia .
No . No , my mum had to fly back to Texas to help my dad because the house had slipped off the cinderblocks again .
It was tornado season . And it was an aluminium house . Anyway , the housekeeper in the faculty residence did not speak any English , when I finally managed to convince her I was sick , she said “Möchtest Du eine Darmspülung ?”
Based on what happened next , I assume it means “would you like an enema ?”
Well , my mom used to give me sponge baths .
Agreed .
Wait . Will you please rub this on my chest .
Vaporub makes my hands smell funny .
Please , please , please , please , please , please , please .
No , no , counter clockwise or my chest hair mats .
Can you sing “Soft Kitty” .
My mom used to sing it to me when I was sick .
I will teach you . “Soft kitty , warm kitty , little ball of fur , happy kitty , sleepy kitty , purr purr purr .” Now you .
Little ball of fur . Keep rubbing .
Leonard , I am hungry !
I want grilled cheese .
I am very congested .
Can you go to the kitchen , and get me the turkey baster labelled mucus .
Here is the problem with teleportation .
Assuming the device could be invented which would identify the quantum state of matter of an individual in one location , and transmit that pattern to a distant location for reassembly , you would not have actually transported the individual . You would have destroyed him in one location , and recreated him in another .
Personally , I would never use a transporter . Because the original Sheldon would have to be disintegrated in order to create a new Sheldon .
No , he would be exactly the same .
So , you see it too .
Not bad , I myself started graduate school at fourteen .
Excuse me , that is my research , and it is by no means a dead end .
You can count on us , we are on it . What the hell do you mean , dead end .
I sense a disturbance in the force .
He is not wrong . Alright , and this is my office .
Nope . Goodbye .
Oh , alright , this is my desk , these are my books , this is my door , please close it behind you . Goodbye .
Keen observation , goodbye .
Leonard .
Get him out .
You think I have not considered it ? You really think I have not considered it ?
Get him out Leonard .
Yes , in fact I am the youngest person ever to win it .
Fourteen and a half .
Fifteen years old . Dennis Kim is fifteen years old , and he is already correcting my work . Today I went from being Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to… you know , that other guy .
Oh , God , now even you are smarter than me .
Why waste food . In Texas when a cow goes dry they do not keep feeding it , they just take her out and shoot her between the eyes .
Yes , but I assumed I would have been dead hundreds of years , and that there would be an asterisk by his name because he would be a cyborg .
Well of course you do not , you have never excelled at anything .
Yes . That is what a rational person does when his entire life is work is invalidated by a post pubescent Asian wunderkind . He ceases his fruitless efforts , he donates his body to scientific research , and he waits to die .
I have decided you are right . My career is not over .
But , since the arrival of Dennis Kim has rendered my research pointless , I just have to find something else to focus on .
So I have decided , I am going to collaborate with you .
What exactly is it you do ? I know you chatter on about it all the time , but I have never really paid attention .
Oh , sure you do . Now , see , what is this here in the schematic , is that a laser array ?
No . Hmmm . What happens if you use argon lasers instead of helium neon ?
Are you sure ?
Pretty sure is not very scientific , is this how you normally work , just hunches and guesses and stuff ?
Alright .
If you are concerned about sharing credit with me , you are name can go first… I am going .
Engineering . Where the noble semi skilled labourers execute the vision of those who think and dream . Hello , oompah loompahs of science .
I just came by to say hello .
Well , up until now I have had better things to do . So , what are we making today ?
Really , how does it work ?
Uh , huh . So it is a shelf ?
Now , I notice you are using titanium , did you give any consideration to carbon nanotubes , they are lighter , cheaper and half twice the tensile strength .
And you also have a note from your mother that says I love you , bubbula . But neither of those is a cogent argument for titanium over nanotubes .
Yes .
Did Leonard tell you to say that ?
Huh . It ca not be a coincidence . There must be some causal link I am missing .
Curiouser and curiouser .
No , no , please , come in . Yeah , I think you will appreciate this , very exciting .
Something remarkable . Since my prospects for the Nobel Prize in physics have disappeared , thank you very much , I have decided to refocus my efforts and use my people skills to win the Nobel Peace Prize . Look , I am going to solve the Middle East Crisis by building an exact replica of Jerusalem in the middle of the Mexican desert .
You know , it is like the baseball movie , build it and they will come .
The Jewish people .
We will make it nice , put out a spread .
Of course he has , the oracle told us little Neo was the one . You can see the Matrix , ca not you .
We could call it Nuevo Cherusalem .
Said Pharoah to Moses .
Hey , Howard . You are a Jew . If there was another wailing wall , exactly like the one in Jerusalem , but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs , would you still be able to wail at it ? Okay , it is definitely me .
Youngest till the cyborgs rise up !
Oh , please . For Vulcans , mating , or , if you will , Pon Farr , it is an extremely private matter .
Well count me out .
You want me to use my intelligence in a tawdry competition ? Would you ask Picasso to play Pictionary ? Would you ask Noah Webster to play Boggle ? Would you ask Jacques Cousteau to play Go Fish ?
By that reasoning we should also play bridge , hold up a chuppah and enter the Olympic bobsled competition .
No , do not .
Or the one . Dammit , I will do it .
I do not . Teams are traditionally named after fierce creatures , thus intimidating ones opponent .
Poor choice . Gram for gram , no animal exceeds the relative fighting strength of the army ant .
Point of order . I move that any vote on team names should be unanimous . No man should be forced to emblazon his chest with the bengal tiger , when common sense dictates it should be an army ant .
I will yield .
He does .
Of course .
And of course , the answer is 130 adoseconds .
And of course , the answer is giant magneto resistance .
But I answered , it is called teamwork .
By that logic I should answer all the anthropology questions because I am a mammal .
And of course it is Gravity Probe B .
Why ?
What do manners have to do with it ? This is war . Were the Romans polite when they salted the ground of Carthage to make sure nothing would ever grow again ?
The objective of the competition is to give correct answers , if I know them , why should not I give them ?
Oh please , you do not even have a PhD .
Good idea , I need my wrist brace , all this button pushing is aggravating my old Nintendo injury .
Just look . I have designed the perfect uniforms for our team . The colours are based on Star Trek , the original series . The three of you will wear support red , and I will wear command gold .
Army Ants .
Why would a physics bowl team be called anodised aluminium ?
Oh neat , what is the occasion ?
What ?
No you did not .
Okay , I do not know where you just came from , but it could not have been a team meeting because I am on the team and I was not there , ergo the team did not meet .
Why ?
Well , I am sorry , is the winner of the physics bowl the team that has the most fun ?
I see . Well . At this point I should inform you that I intend to form my own team and destroy the molecular bonds that bind your very matter together , and reduce the resulting particulate chaos to tears .
You are welcome . One more thing .
It is on , bitch .
Actually , I do not need a team , I could easily defeat you single handedly . But the rules require four , so may I introduce , the third floor janitor , he lady from the lunchroom , and , my Spanish is not good , either her son or her butcher . And what about your team ? What rat have you recruited to the SS Sinking Ship ?
Leslie Winkle ?
Yes , well , I am polymerised tree sap and you are non organic adhesive so , whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me , returns on its original trajectory , and adheres to you .
Formal protest .
The Velcro on my wrist brace caught on my shirt .
And of course , the answer is Technetium .
4 .1855 times ten to the seventh ergs per calorie .
Lamda equals one over Pi R squared N
A sigma particle .
Hang on , hang on a second , that is not our answer . What are you doing ?
How do you know anything about physics ?
Well that is a delightful little story , but our arrangement was that you sit here and not say anything , I answer the questions .
Hey look , now maybe you have democracy now in your beloved Russia , but on this physics bowl team I rule with an iron fist .  . Ow !
Well it is not what he said .
I want a different question .
Formal protest .
Informal protest .
No . I decline to provide one .
That is your opinion .
I do not understand the question .
Who ?
That trophy is meaningless , I forfeited , therefore you did not win .
Who ?
Alright that is very immature .
Absolutely .
William Shatner .
Then it is got to be Patrick Stewart .
Formal protest .
Well , this sandwich is an unmitigated disaster . I asked for turkey and roast beef with lettuce and swiss on wholewheat .
Turkey and roast beef with swiss and lettuce on wholewheat . It is the right ingredients but in the wrong order . In a proper sandwich the cheese is adjacent to the bread to create a moisture barrier against the lettuce . They might as well have dragged this thing through a car wash .
I know , it is basic culinary science .
You bid $800 .
There is only 30 seconds left in the auction .
I wonder why no one else bid , this is a classic piece of sci fi movie memorabilia .
Need you ask ? But I still do not understand why no one else bid .
In a venn diagram , that would be an individual located within the intersection of the sets “no longer want my time machine” and “need $800” .
I have been meaning to ask you , do you think we should make a call about that ?
It is the same amount of work no matter how fast you go , basic physics .
Yeah .
Then I have a simple solution , go up to the roof , hop over to the next building , there is a small gap , do not look down if you are subject to vertigo , and use their stairwell .
Oh , I never joke when it comes to vertigo .
For what it is worth , I thought it was humorous .
The exact time machine that carried actor Rod Taylor from Victorian England into the post apocalyptic future , which society had splintered into two factions , the sub terranean Morlocks , who survived by feasting on the flesh of the gentle surface dwelling Eloy .
Gentlemen , I know we said we had take turns , but I think you had agree that practicality dictates it remain here .
Alright , I think we are going to need some ground rules , in addition to the expected no shoes in the time machine and no eating in the time machine , I propose that we add pants must be worn at all times in the time machine .
Hold on . Bi monthly is an ambiguous term , do you mean move it every other month , or twice a month ?
Then no .
No .
Wait a minute , I had want to see that too .
But if we all go back to the same point in time , Bell is lab is going to get very crowded , he will know something is up .
Oh , I have a solution , first go into the future and obtain a cloaking device .
If I remember correctly , Captain Kirk will steal a cloaking device from the Romulans on Stardate 5027 .3 , which will be January 10th 2328 by pre federation reckoning .
Time machine .
Again , time machine .
It only moves in time . It would be worse than useless in a swamp .
So it is my turn . Why did you set it for the day before yesterday ?
You ca not . If you were to prevent yourself from buying it in the past , you would not have it available in the present to travel back and stop yourself from buying it , ergo you would still have it . This is a classic rookie time travel mistake .
Same paradox . If you were to travel back in time and , say , knock me unconscious , you would not then have the conversation that irritated you , motivating you to go back and knock me unconscious .
It will not change the past .
Are you upset about something ?
Well , it was a number of things . First the late hour , then your demeanour seems very low energy , plus your irritability…
Oh ! I do not usually pick up on those things . Good for me .
Oh , wait . Did you want to talk about what is bothering you ?
Wow , I am on fire tonight .
I disagree . Your inability to successfully woo Penny long predates your acquisition of the time machine . That failure clearly stands on its own .
In addition , your premise is flawed . In the original film , Rod Taylor got Yvette Mimeaux with that very time machine . In Back to the Future , Marty McFly got the opportunity to hook up with his extremely attractive young mother .
Well of course they are movies . Were you expecting me to come up with an example involving a real life time machine ? That is absurd .
It is still my turn .
Well is that really necessary . If you need money you can always sell blood . And semen .
My spidey sense tells me this has something to do with Penny .
I will go for two hundred , that time machine stays right where it is .
Dibs does not apply in a bidding war .
What is the number , I will match it .
What is the exchange rate .
Who cares , as long as you pick me .
You hypocrite !
Little Miss “grown ups do not play with toys” . If I were to go into that apartment right now , would I find Beanie Babies ? Are you not an accumulator of Care Bears and My Little Ponies ? And who is that Japanese feline I see frolicking on your shorts ? Hello ,Hello Kitty !
We have to get rid of the time machine .
Yeah , that is the problem , it is too big .
Thank you for coming by .  Hello .
Buddy .
How can you be late , I was not expecting you at all .
Oh , alright , this is Missy , Missy this is Leonard and Rajesh and you have already met Howard .
She is my twin sister , she thinks she is funny but frankly I have never been able to see it .
How exactly would one measure a sense of humour ? A humourmometer ?
Rajesh .
The papers could have been mailed , Mom just sent you here to spy on me , did not she .
They call me a genius because I am a genius . Tell Mom that I currently weigh 165 pounds , and that I am having regular bowel movements . Enjoy the wedding , goodbye .
They were not friends , they were imaginary colleagues .
No we do not .
So what ? I do not issue invitations to your mother .
And do not ever call me Shelly .
What just happened ?
I needed a place to fire ceramic semi conductor substrates for home made integrated circuits .
Made necessary by her insistence on going into my room .
Is that what that was ? I just assumed that the second grade curriculum had rendered you quizzical .
Fraternal twins come from two separate eggs , they are no more alike than any other siblings .
I am not ignoring my sister . I am ignoring all of you .
Excuse me , can I interject something . I am ordering pizza online , is everyone okay with pepperoni ?
I guess . Do not worry , I was going to order you cheeseless .
That is okay . Lactose intolerance is nothing to be embarrassed about .
Hmmm ? She certainly has the symmetry and low body fat that western culture deems desirable . It is noteworth that at other points in history , heavier women were the standard for beauty because their girth suggested affluence .
I did not say it was fascinating , I said it was noteworthy .
Oh . Okay . You know , I do not want to criticise your rhetorical style but , we had be a lot further along in this conversation if you had begun with that thought .
What I am saying is that we took quite an unnecessary detour from what I now understand to be your thesis .
Why ?
I do not understand . Yes , we shared a uterus for nine months , but since then we have pretty much gone our own separate ways .
I had not considered that . We do share DNA .
So there is the possibility , however remote , that resting in her loins is the potential for another individual as remarkable as myself .
You are right . If someone wants to get at Missy is fallopian tubes , they will have to go through me .
Alright , that is enough juvenile squabbling , stop it , stop it I say . I am going to settle this right now . Neither of you are good enough for my sister .
You are out too , by the way .
It is nothing personal , I had just prefer if my future niece or nephew did not become flatulent every time they eat an Eskimo pie .
Now that Leonard is made me aware of how high the genetic stakes are , we have to face the fact that none of you are suitable mates for my sister .
How so ?
In principle you have a point , but as a practical matter , need I remind you that it takes experimental pharmaceuticals to simply enable you to speak to the opposite sex .
This has nothing to do with religion . This has to do with the fact that you are a tiny , tiny man who still lives with his mother .
Am I ? Here . Eat this cheese without farting and you can sleep with my sister .
Oops .
Why does everyone suddenly want to talk to me alone ? Usually nobody wants to be alone with me .
Truthfully , I have never given it any thought , but it has been pointed out to me that you carry DNA of great potential .
Let me explain . You see , I am a superior genetic mutation , an improvement on the existing mediocre stock .
That would be you . But residing within you is the potential for another me . Perhaps even taller , smarter and less prone to freckling , a Sheldon 2 .0 if you will .
Exactly . Now , I am not saying that I should be the sole decider of who you mate with . If you are not attracted to the suitor then the likelihood of conception would be reduced .
Not at all . Frequent coitus dramatically increases the odds of fertiliziation .
I always thought I was more like a cuckoo bird . You know , a superior creature whose egg is placed in the nest of ordinary birds . Of course the newly hatched cuckoo eats all the food , leaving the ordinary siblings to starve to death . Luckily for you , that is where the metaphor ended .
I have an alternate proposal .
You donate eggs . We will place them in cryogenic storage . I will find an appropriate sperm donor for your eggs , have them fertilized and implanted in you , that way everybody wins .
I weep for humanity .
Well , she might be interested to know that I have refocused my research from onic string theory to heteronic string theory .
Okay , well , it was pleasant seeing you , other than that business with my testicles .
Really ?
You tell people I am a rocket scientist ?
I am a theoretical physicist .
What is the difference ?
We might as well stop , it is a stalemate . You are beating me in tetris , but you have got the upper body strength of a Keebler Elf .
He ca not eat cheesecake , he is lactose intolerant .
What about the cream cheese frosting .
For the record , that psychotic rant was a concise summation of the research of Bertram Forer , who in 1948 proved conclusively through meticulously designed experiments , that astrology is nothing but pseudo scientific hokum .
It is actually based on very sound theories , his mother published a paper on it .
It was obviously effective , Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist . Perhaps if she had also denied him Christmas he had be a little better at it .
What would we talk about ? We have no overlapping areas of interest I am aware of , and you know I do not care for chit chat .
Well alright , but I do not see this as a promising endeavour .
I hardly think so , Leonard made it very clear he does not want a party .
I think a birthday party is a terrible idea . I envy Leonard for growing up without that anguish .
Year after year , I had to endure wearing conical hats while being forced into the crowded sweaty hell of bouncy castles , not to mention being blindfolded and spun towards a grotesque tailless donkey as the other children mocked my disorientation .
Have I pointed out that I am extremely uncomfortable with dancing , loud music and most other forms of alcohol induced frivolity .
In addition I really do not think that Leonard wants a…
You ca not do that , if you make a mark on a mint comic book it is no longer mint .
Well of course I… oh ! Yeah , I have an idea , let is throw Leonard a kick ass birthday party .
The whole point of a secret knock is to establish a non verbal signal to verify the identity of one is co conspirators .
Possibly , but unverified .
Luckily for you this is not a nuclear reactor .
That is because I did not bring one .
The entire institution of gift giving makes no sense .
Let is say that I go out and I spend fifty dollars on you , it is a laborious activity , because I have to imagine what you need , whereas you know what you need . Now I can simplify things , just give you the fifty dollars directly and , you could give me fifty dollars on my birthday , and so on until one of us dies leaving the other one old and fifty dollars richer . And I ask you , is it worth it ?
I accept your premise , I reject your conclusion .
Oh . Fair enough .
Question , how am I going to get Leonard a present before the party ? I do not drive , and the only things available within walking distance are a Thai restaurant and a gas station . I suppose I could wrap up an order of mee krob and a couple of lottery scratchers .
Yes , but they have DVD burners over here . Leonard needs a DVD burner .
You mean , like a sweater ?
Is it the geometry that makes it fun .
Okay , I see , so not a DVD burner .
Something he would not buy for himself . Something fun . Something like… oh , an 802 .11n wireless router .
What do you think .
Because of the two additional Ethernet ports .
He does not need them , he is already got a 640 connect switch
Why ?
Penny ! If I am going to buy Leonard a gift , I am going to do it right . I refuse to let him experience the same childhood trauma I did .
On my twelfth birthday I really wanted a titanium centrifuge , so , you know , I could separate radioactive isotopes .
Instead of a titanium centrifuge , my parents bought me… wow , this is hard . They got me… a motorised dirt bike .
What twelve year old boy wants a motorised dirt bike ?
Really ?
Huh ?
Yeah , I suppose .
I know everything about this stuff .
No , no , no , no , she does not want that , she needs a point to point peer network with a range extender .
It depends on what Bus you have .
Oh , dear lord .
Not now , Penny , this poor man needs me .  You hold on , I will be right with you . What computer do you have , and please do not say a white one ?
Okay , we do not have that in stock , but I can special order it for you .
Yes , well , apparently neither does anyone else .
Why ?
Yeah , 1 2 3 4 is not a secure password .
Wo de zhing shi Sheldon .
Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon .
That is what you did . I assumed as in a number of languages that the gesture was part of the phrase .
How am I supposed to know that ? As the teacher it is your obligation to separate your personal idiosyncrasies from the subject matter .
Why ?
Mai du lui tsa .
My apologies Leonard , I am only as good as my teacher .
I believe the Szechuan Palace has been passing off orange chicken as tangerine chicken and I intend to confront them .
Okay , where were we ?
Not surprising . Penny is emotional responses originate from the primitive portion of the brain known as the Amygdala , while speech is centred in the much more recently developed Neocortex . The former can easily overpower the latter giving scientific credence to the notion of being rendered speechless .  Or maybe she just does not want to talk .
I am not aware of any social convention that requires you to intervene at all .
Twelfth century code of chivalry , not exactly current . You had also have to be knighted for that to apply .
Howard , I am going to need another Mandarin lesson . I obviously did not make my point with those people .
I like tangerine chicken , I am not getting tangerine chicken .
Actually , I thought the first two renditions were far more compelling . Previously I felt sympathy for the Leonard character , now I just find him to be whiny and annoying .
I had love to , but I do not have tangerine chicken .
Show me your citrus peels . Gei wo kan , ni jud di zi pei . Show me your citrus peels . Gei wo kan , ni jud di zi pei . Show me your…
A second what ? Pair of underwear ?
Why me ? Why not Koothrappali or Wolowitz ?
Yes , I suppose he is .
Not necessarily . I am often surprised by my lack of familiarity with Leonard . Just the other day I discovered , he not only has a loofah , he hides it . Why do you suppose a man would be ashamed of having a loofah ? I myself prefer to have my excess epithelial cells slough off naturally , but I do not condemn those who seek to accelerate the process .   And until recently I had no idea that despite his lactose intolerance , he can tolerate small amounts of non fat ice cream without producing a noxious gas that I maintain in the right concentration could be weaponised .
We are not done ?
Ach , why not ? We are already through the looking glass anyway .
Well , he did not actually say anything , but when he came back to the apartment he was doing a dance that brought to mind the happy hippos in Fantasia .
Oh , I wish it were that simple . You see , I do not spend much time here and so I have never really chosen a place to sit .
There are a number of options and , I am really not familiar enough with the cushion densities , air flow patterns and dispersion of sunlight to make an informed choice .
No , no , that is crazy . You go ahead and talk while I figure it out .
A little crush ? Well I suppose so , in the same way Menelaus had a little crush on Helen of Troy .
Well Menelaus was the brother of Agamemnon…
Leonard is not the kind of guy anyone usually goes out with . Would you be open to rotating the couch clockwise thirty degrees ?
The last one worked out well for Koothrappali . He got a free iPod . Oh , glare !
I would not say that . No one would say that , a light year is a unit of distance , not time .
Draft . You see people hear the word year and they think duration . Foot pound has the same problem , that is a unit of work , not of weight .
It is a common mistake .
Okay . I think this will be my seat .
Well , let is see . We might consider Schrodinger is Cat .
No . That is Mrs Grossinger . And she does not have a cat , she has a Mexican hairless , annoying little animal , yip yip yip yip…
Sorry , you diverted me . Anyway , in 1935 , Erwin Schrodinger , in an attempt to explain the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum physics , he proposed an experiment where a cat is placed in a box with a sealed vial of poison that will break open at a random time . Now , since no one knows when or if the poison has been released , until the box is opened , the cat can be thought of as both alive and dead .
Well of course you do not get it , I have not made it yet . You had have to be psychic to get it , and there is no such thing as psychic .
Just like Schrodinger is Cat , your potential relationship with Leonard right now can be thought of as both good and bad . It is only by opening the box that you will find out which it is .
No , no , no , no , no , no . Let me start again . In 1935 , Erwin Schrodinger…
I can see that . Unless you are planning on running a marathon , choosing both stuffing and mashed potatoes is a starch filled redundancy .
A mistake involving Penny ? Okay , you will have to narrow it down .
Then do not .
Other people might be interested .
I assumed you would .
Ah , then your meal choice is appropriate . Starch absorbs fluid which reduces the amount of vomit available for violent expulsion .
You also made a common grammatical mistake , you said nauseous when you meant nauseated . But go on .
Well , if we accept your premise , and also accept the highly improbable assumption that Penny is the only woman in the world for you then we can logically conclude that the result of blowing it would be that you end up a lonely , bitter old man with no progeny . The image of any number of evil lighthouse keepers from Scooby Doo cartoons comes to mind .
Alright , what response on my part would bring this conversation to a speedy conclusion ?
Schrodinger is Cat .
You sound surprised . Mmm , hou zi shui zai li du .
They were clever , Leonard . They exploited my complete lack of interest in what you were doing .
Oh , even I know that is lame .
Interesting , her jaws are clenched , no tongue access , clearly a bad sign amongst mating humans .
Please , you might as well have been two iguana with no dewlap enlargement .
Oh , hi Penny . FYI , the hot water is inadequate on machine 2 so colours only , and 4 is still releasing the fabric softener too early in the cycle so I had avoid using that for your delicates .
Oh , good Lord . Why do not you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a rock ?
I would prefer that you not , but I will not go so far as to forbid it .
Well I assume you are not referring to digestive regularity ? Because I have come to learn that such inquiries are inappropriate .
Oh . Well , a few years ago he did go out with a woman who had a PhD in French Literature .
Well , for one thing , she was French . For another , it was literature .
That depends .
Do you have a working knowledge of quantum physics ?
Do you speak Klingon ?
Do you know any card tricks ?
Why would you lie about that ?
You thought the opposite of stupid loser was community college graduate ?
Yeah , but you were neither .
You are asking me to keep a secret ?
Well I am sorry , but you would have had to express that desire before revealing the secret , so that I could choose whether or not I wanted to accept the covenant of secret keeping . You ca not impose a secret on an ex post facto basis .
Secret keeping is a complicated endeavour . One has to be concerned not only about what one says , but about facial expression , autonomic reflexes , when I try to deceive , I myself have more nervous tics than a lyme disease research facility .  It is a joke . It relies on the hominymic relationship between tick the blood sucking arachnid , and tic the involuntary muscular contraction . I made it up myself .
Physiologically impossible .
So you are saying that friendship contains within it an inherent obligation to maintain confidences ?
Interesting . See , one more question , and perhaps I should have led with this , when did we become friends ?
Sure .  I am Batman . See .
Why are you asking me , I have no information about your interactions with Penny other than what you provided me , nor do I have any method of learning such things .
Nothing . You seem to be implying an informational back channel between me and Penny where obviously none exists .
I just think you need to be careful how you phrase things , sir .
Well I might ask you the same question . Why do you insist on attempting to drag me into matters which have nothing to do with me ? But exist between you and Penny . A person to whom I barely speak .
There is no reason to bring my looks into this . Good day , Leonard .
I said Good Day !
Why do not you take a minute to decide  I ca not keep your secret Penny . I am going to fold like an energy based anobo protein in conformational space . Like a renaissance triptych . Like a cheap suit .
I am constitutionally incapable . That is why I was refused clearance for a very prestigious government research fellowship at a secret military supercollider , located beneath a fake agricultural station 12 .5 miles south east of Travers City , Michigan . Which you did not hear about from me .
Forget ! You want me to forget ? This mind does not forget . I have not forgotten a single thing since the day my mother stopped breast feeding me . It was a drizzly Tuesday .
There does not have to be a reason .
Not necessarily . This is a classic example of munchausen is trilemma . Either the reason is predicated on a series of sub reasons leading to an infinite regression , or it tracks back to arbitrary axiomatic statements , or it is ultimately circular , i .e , I am moving out because I am moving out .
Leonard , I do not see how I could have made it any simpler .
If you will excuse me , I am going to pack .
It is my pre packed disaster evacuation bag . Recommended by the department of homeland security . And Sarah Connor .
Until I find a permanent place I will stay with friends .
Excuse me , but is not hosting guests an aspect of Menushya Yajna , one of the five central religious duties or sacrifices of the Hindu householder ?
Do not be ridiculous , you love trains .
Uh oh .
Do not you worry about the residual radium from the luminous dials ?
I ca not believe I did not bring my gieger counter . You know , I had it on my bed and I did not pack it .
I am kidding , I packed it . It was a joke , I was subverting the conversational expectations . I believe they call that the , um , old switcheroo .
Actually , I had say she is a poor man is Madhuri Dixit .
Sorry , I did not mean to offend you . Obviously you are not that familiar with Indian cinema .
I have never slept on an air mattress before . No lumbar support whatsoever .
I do not see any way to get a park bench in here .
No , that is fine . I am perfectly comfortable sleeping on a bouncy castle .
Now , only if you want to .
Meh . That poster of Halle Berry is a little unnerving .
She is like my fourth favourite catwoman .
Yeah , Julie Newmar , Michelle Pfieffer , Eartha Kitt and then her .
Oh , I forgot about Lee Meriwether .
That makes Halle Berry my fifth favourite catwoman . There is Julie Newmar , Michelle Pfieffer , Eartha Kitt , Lee Meriwether…
I am trying , I am counting catwomen . She did make a fine mutant in the X Men movies though .
But she is not my favourite of the X Men , in order that would be Wolverine , Cyclops , oh wait , I forgot Professor X . Professor X , Wolverine , Cyclops , Iceman , then Storm , Angel , the Beast , oh wait , Nightcrawler . Professor X , Nightcrawler , Wolverine , Cyclops , Iceman , then Storm , Angel… .
Hey , there he is , there is my old buddy bud bud .
I am ba ack !
I ca not tell you .
I promised Penny .
That I would not tell you the secret . Shhhhh !
Mom smokes in the car . Jesus is okay with it , but we ca not tell Dad .
I am Batman . Shhhhh !
Okay , I will tell you , but you ca not tell Leonard .
Penny lied about graduating from community college because she is afraid she is not smart enough for Leonard .
I drank milk that tasted funny .
I know , most of your work is extremely derivative . Do not worry , that is not a secret . Everybody knows .
Worst Renaissance Fair ever .
It was rife with historical inaccuracies . For example , the tavern girl serving flagons of mead , now her costume was obviously Germanic , but in 1487 the Bavarian purity laws or Rhineheitsgebot severely limited the availability of mead . At best they would have had some sort of spiced wine .
Oh ho ! Really ? Well here is another nit for you . The flagons would not have been made of polypropylene .
Bosoms would not have said howdy in the fifteenth century . If anything they would have said “huzzah !”
Renaissance fair ? More of a medieval slash age of enlightenment slash any excuse to wear a codpiece fair .
That was not fifteenth century soap , my God those people need to learn you ca not just put “ye olde” in front of anything and expect to get away with it .
You are wearing modern underwear ?
I fashioned historically accurate undergarments out of linen .
Do not be silly , I borrowed one of your pillow cases .
Notify the editors of the Oxford English Dictionary , the word plenty has been redefined to mean two .
Oh no .
Her research methodology is sloppy , she is unjustifiably arrogant about loop quantum gravity , and to make matters worse she is often mean to me .
You had hit particulate soil on a colloidal suspension . Mud .
If we were , the food would be better .
Hello to you , insufficiently intelligent person .
Well , if you will excuse me , I am going to go do work that promises significant results , as opposed to what you do , which does not . Yeah , you heard me .
You know what this means , do not you ? Break out the Red Bull , it is time to rock Mario old school .
But it is Friday . Friday is always vintage game night . Look , mom included the memory card , we can pick up where I left off in 1999 when I had pernicious anaemia .
Well then , no problem , I have three controllers , the more the merrier .
Oh , well you ca not blame me for not jumping to that conclusion .
Well , statistically speaking…
Leonard , I am a published theoretical physicist with two doctorates and an IQ which ca not be accurately measured by normal tests , how much scarcer could I be ?
You want me to leave the apartment ?
You mean just go someplace else and be… someplace else ?
Well , why should I leave , this is my apartment too .
Well alright then .
Playing Super Mario on a poorly coded Nintendo 64 emulator .
I am a modern day Napoleon exiled to the Elba of the staircase because Leonard , get this , has a date .
Alone ?
What if I choke on my popcorn , who will administer the Heimlich manoeuvre .
No popcorn at the mo… listen to yourself .
I do not drink coffee .
What do they have ?
Pastries such as bearclaws ?
I do not like bearclaws .
Leslie Winkle . Of all the overrated physicists in all the labs in all the world , why does it have to be Leslie Winkle ?
Oh please . The only way she could make a contribution to science would be if they resume sending chimps into space .
Everybody has a date . Even you , Mario , going after Princess Peach . And what am I doing , I am just enabling you .
I have to make pee pee .
I am sorry , I am not going back to the Renaissance Fair .
I do not care . There are far too many historical anomalies for my comfort .
You mean like Spock ?
Fascinating .
If you are having trouble deciding where to sit may I suggest one potato two potato , or as I call it the Leslie Winkle experimental methodology .
It is not hard . It is simple . You can either sit with me , your friend , colleague and roommate , or you can sit with an overrated scientist you might have sex with .
Penny .
Alright , let is say I go to dinner alone . And during the meal I have to use the rest room . How do I know someone is not touching my food ?
Penny , hold on . Are you sure things ca not work out with you and Leonard ?
I am just wondering if you really gave it the old college try ? Or in your case the old community college try ?
Leonard is upstairs right now with my arch enemy .
Yes , the Doctor Doom to my Mr Fantastic . The Doctor Octopus to my Spiderman . The Doctor Sivana to my Captain Marvel .
Do you know , it is amazing how many supervillains have advanced degrees . Graduate school should probably do a better job of screening those people out .
Leslie Winkle , Penny . She belittles my research .
She called me dumbass .
Given this situation , I have no choice but to withdraw my previous objections to your ill considered relationship with Leonard .
No , that response is unacceptable to me .
Smart ? I had have to lose 60 IQ points to be classified as smart .
I am sorry .
You continue to underestimate my abilities madam .
Wait a minute , why am I doing all the giving here ? If Leonard is really my friend , why does not he have to support me in my hatred of Leslie Winkle ?
Oh now you are just making stuff up .
Oh Mario . If only I could control everyone the way I control you . Hop , you little plumber , hop , hop , hop .
Leonard , you are my friend . And friends support their friends , apparently . So I am withdrawing my objection to your desire to have a relationship with Leslie .
I will graciously overlook the fact that she is an arrogant sub par scientist , who actually believes loop quantum gravity better unites quantum mechanics with general relativity than does string theory . You kids have fun .
I am listening , amuse me .
Balderdash . Matter clearly consists of tiny strings .
I hope so , it was a snort of derision .
Look on the bright side .
Only nine more months to comic con .
Fellow warriors , this is Sheldor the Conqueror . We are about to enter Axel is fortress . Now this is a long run , so let is do another bladder check . Alright Barry , we will wait for you again , but you really should see a doctor .  Sheldor is AFK .  Penny , are you experiencing some sort of difficulty ?
You appear to have put your car key in the door lock , are you aware of that ?
Alright then .
Would it be possible for you to do this a little more quietly ?
Well that is not surprising . That Baldwin lock on your door uses traditional edge mounted cylinders , whereas the key for your Volkswagon uses a centre cylinder system .
You are welcome . Point of inquiry , why did you put your car key in the door lock ?
Well , the American Midwest was mostly settled by Scandinavian and Germanic peoples who , well they have a characteristic facial bone structure… .
Well , actually , insects are a dietary staple in many cultures , they are almost pure protein .
I believe the condensation on your frozen foods weakened the structural integrity of the bag . But returning to your key conundrum , perhaps you should call a locksmith and have him open the door for you .
And you are frustrated because he phrased his reply in the form of a meaningless tautology ?
There there .  Would you prefer to wait in our apartment ?
Alright then .
Just when I think I have gotten the hang of sarcasm .
The Conqueror .
AFK . I am playing Age of Conan , an online multiplayer game set in the universe of Robert E . Howard is Conan the Barbarian .
Sheldor , back online .
AFK . Away from keyboard .
What does that stand for ?
Yes , but what does it stand for ?
Just click on them . Congratulations , you are now a level three warrior .
It does not matter , right now you are looking for treasure .
You are okay , if you run into crocodiles just kick them with your boots .
Well let is see , uh , she attempted to open her apartment with her car key , because her face is overly Midwestern , um , she has not had sex in six months , and she ate a fly .
Level three and she thinks she is rich ! What a noob .
They make up a non Newtonian fluid which is liquid , but solid under the percussive action of the speaker .
Do you have the enchanted sword ?
You ca not slay the guard captain with a bronze dagger , my Lord it is like the car key in your apartment door all over again .
Well , have you been to the Temple of Mithra ?
No , no , no , it is… oh for God is sakes , gimme .
You are going to have to learn to do these things for yourself , Penny .
There you go , one enchanted sword .
That girl needs to get a life .
Danger , danger .
You are in my bedroom .
People ca not be in my bedroom .
I am not wearing pyjama bottoms .
I spilled grape juice .
I ca not wear different pyjamas , these are my Monday pyjamas . Penny , people cannot be in my bedroom .
You were invited on a quest to the Black Castle ?
Of course it is not , you are only a level 25 , the Hungarians are just using you for dragon fodder .
I realise that Dr Gablehauser but it is your job , as head of the department , to mediate all inter departmental disputes . University policy manual chapter four , subsection two , mediation of inter departmental disputes .
No she does not .
Here is the problem . I was clearly signed up to use the mainframe in Buckman 204 , and Dr Winkle just wantonly ripped the sign up sheet off the wall .
If it is a crime to ensure that the universities resources are not being squandered chasing sub atomic wild geese then I plead guilty .  Oh , Penny !
God , no .
Oh yeah , well , you would not even be nominated . Dr Gablehauser , I have a series of important multi bit calculations and simulations to run . All she is doing is reducing irrelevant data and making a mock…
Hello . Penny , this is not a good time . No , I told you , you are not prepared for the Sanctum of Burning Souls . You need to be in a group of at least five for that quest , and one should be a level 35 healer . Penny , I ca not log on and help you . We will talk when I get home .  I am not getting the computing time , am I ?
Well , yes , but you are the one who said hello to her when she moved in . If you had simply restrained yourself none of this would be happening .
I did . I told her , I texted her , I sent out a very emphatic twitter . I even changed my facebook status to Sheldon Cooper wishes Penny would leave him alone . I do not know what else to do .
I do not know , but if you do not figure something out , I warn you I shall become very difficult to live with .
Yes .
Danger , danger .
Oh yeah , well your attempt at juvenilizing me by excluding me from the set of adult males… . oh , I am too tired to do this .
She comes into my room . No one is supposed to be in my room .
Hang on , Leonard , while I have no respect for Leslie as a scientist , or a human being for that matter , we have to concede her undeniable expertise in the interrelated fields of promiscuity and general sluttiness .
Some what ? Oh , yes , some sexual intercourse .
Yeah , yeah , enough debate , I am going to take action .  Excuse me , are you currently involved in a sexual relationship ?
Would you like to be ?
Zip it pip it . Can I have your phone number ?
There , problem solved .
Stay close to the wall . Avoid the mummies .
I must say , you are playing very well for a woman of 23 ?
Right . 22 .
What happened to the rest of your group ?
Frenzy stance .
So listen , would you describe your ideal vacation as a wild adventure to unknown lands , or staying at home curled up with a good book ?
These are market research questions . I am filling out the online registration for your game .
Drink a healing potion .
You are welcome . Anyhow , on a scale of 1 to 5 , with 1 being always initiated by him , and 5 being always initiated by you , how do you prefer your sexual encounters to begin ?
Oh yes , it is quite extensive . But if we complete it , we get a free expansion pack , 75 additional quests .
Good to know . Big old five .
Leonard , this is Tom .
Yes , you were very clear , as was everyone else at the table . Tom , however , has been chosen by science as a suitable mate for Penny .
Well , what passes for science on dating sites . They claim to use heuristic algorithms , but it may well be hokum .
No , of course not . No , I used trickery and deceit .
Tom is a paramedic with the fire department , but he is going to med school at night , uh , he likes the outdoors , and , uh , strong women who initiate sex .
I am surprised you struck out with Penny . Apparently she is a big old five .
Oh , good , you got my note . Penny , I had like you to meet Tom , uh , Penny , this is Tom , Tom , may I present Penny .
Can we talk about this later .
But would not you prefer to socialise with Tom , who is a sexually passive outdoorsman .
I will tell you why .
I had to sanitize my hands because the university replaced the paper towels in the rest rooms with hot air blowers .
Hot air blowers are incubators and spewers of bacteria and pestilence . Frankly it would be more hygienic if they just had a plague infested gibbon sneeze my hands dry .
Excuse me . Thirty what , under thirty what , to watch what ?
If I had a million guesses I never would have gotten that .
I am confused . Was there some sort of peer review committee to determine which scientists would be included ?
What people ?
Yeah , but exactly who are these people ? What are their credentials , how are they qualified , what makes accidentally noticing a hunk of rock that is been traipsing around the solar system for billions of years more noteworthy than any other scientific accomplishment made by someone under thirty ?
In general , yes .
Here , look , look , I found my missing neutrino .
Apologise , for what ?
I sense you are trying to tell me something .
Oh ! No , I beg to differ . Of the three of us , I was by far the most supportive .
How will Raj ever reach true greatness if his friends lower the bar for him ? When I was eleven , my sister bought our father a “world is greatest dad” coffee mug , and frankly the man coasted until the day he died .
I had not considered that .
I often forget other people have limitations . It is so sad .
But I am not .
Fine , what do you want me to do ?
Dr Gablehauser .
Well , you did not discover him , you merely noticed he was here , much like he did with 2008 NQ sub 17 .
Oh , sorry .
He gets a new office , I ca not even get paper towels in the men is room ?
Damn , this is hard .
Aaaah !
Right , a ball of hot flaming gas that collapses in on itself .
Now ?
There is a tribe in Papua New Guinea where , when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of the village they kill him , and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin . Superstitious nonsense of course , but one can see their point .
I can make it , but I will not .
A tremendous accomplishment would be if the planetary body he discovered were plummeting toward Earth and he exploded it with his mind .
Now ?
Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded ?
Even though the menu description specifies shredded ?
Brown rice , not white ?
Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard .
Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market ?
Thank you .
What took you so long ?
Fine .
I want you to check before you accept the order .
Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight ?
Then there is no excuse for this chicken . You know , this situation with Koothrapali brings to mind a story from my childhood .
That is Northwest Texas , I am from East Texas , the Gulf region , home to many Vietnamese shrimpers .
No . Anyway , when I was eight , a Montgomery Ward delivery van ran over our cat , Lucky .
Yes , Lucky .
While others mourned Lucky , I realised his untimely demise provided me with the opportunity to replace him with something more suited to my pet needs . A faithful companion that I could snuggle with at night , and yet would be capable of killing upon telepathic command .
Please , no , nothing so pedestrian . I wanted a griffin .
Yes , half eagle , half lion .
Irrelevant . See , I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could create one , but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen . Course my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them .
My point is , if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow , undeserved fame , perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort .
That is one option , but who has the time ? But consider this , the Japanese , they are doing some wonderful work with artificial intelligence , now , you combine that with some animatronics from the imagineers over at Disney , next thing you know , we are playing Halo with a multi lingual Abraham Lincoln .
Uh , for the record , it could kill us to meet new people . They could be murderers , or the carriers of unusual pathogens , and I am not insane , my mother had me tested .
He should share our love of technology .
Good morning , Leonard .
Yeah , we are going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work , I bought these Star Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good night is sleep . I do not like the way Darth Vader stares at me .
Oh , just because your career is been stagnant for a few years , that is no reason to give up .
Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas ?
Then you can drive . Let is go .
You did .
I did not . Let is go .
But how am I going to get to work ?
I ca not take the bus any more . They do not have seatbelts . And they will not let you lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords .
I did not try , I succeeded . For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to de bus .
Do not talk to me like I am a child . Now , take me to return my star wars sheets !
Leonard is asleep .
No , wait . You have to drive me to work .
But I do not drive , and I ca not take the bus .
Penny . Did not you recently state that you and I are friends ?
Then I hereby invoke what I am given to understand is an integral part of the implied covenant of friendship . The favour .
I am sorry , I did not realize I was interrupting your morning prayers . When you are done , we will go .
Oh , good . I am not keeping you from anything . Your check engine light is on .
Typically that is an indicator . To , you know , check your engine .
Well , actually , that would be all the more reason to , you know , check your engine .
If it were fine , the light would not be on . That is why the manufacturer installed that light , to let you know it is not fine .
Is there a “check the check engine light light” ?  O o o oh !
Studies have shown that performing tasks such as eating , talking on a cell phone or drinking coffee while driving reduces one is reaction time by the same factor as an ounce of alcohol .
Of course not .
You are going up Euclid Avenue ?
Leonard takes Los Robles Avenue .
Euclid Avenue is shorter as the crow flies , but it has speed bumps , which appreciably increase point to point drive time , making it the less efficient choice . But you have the conn . Of course , if you are not going to slow down for the speed bumps , I withdraw my previous objection . Here is a fun question . Do you know what the most common street name is ?
The answer is tricky . It is Second Street . You see , you had think it would be First Street , but in most towns , First Street eventually gets renamed to something else , you know , like Main Street , Broad Street , Michigan Avenue . Leonard and I often use our commute time to exercise our minds  with brain teasers like that . We also play games . Would you like to play one ?
Oh , come on , it is fun . Ooh ! Another bump . Okay . I will say an element , and uh , you say an element whose name starts with the last letter of the one I said , okay ? I will start . Helium . Now , you could say Mercury . That would give me a Y . Ooh .  Very clever , that is a tough one . So I go Ytterbium , which gets you back to M . So you go Molybdenum , and I say Magnesium , you say Manganese , and  I say Europium , and , and you are left with Mendelevium , and  there are no more M is because I believe that Meitnerium should still be called Ekairidium , so congratulations , you win . Do you wanna go again ?
All right . Hmm , huh , I am sorry , I am finding your reckless nonchalance regarding the check engine light to be very troubling .
Well , I have to tell you that while I do have a theoretical understanding of the workings of an internal combustion engine , I am not sure I am capable of performing diagnostics .
Okay . I will give it a shot .
Good , perfect timing .
No , you said you could not drive me to work , this is from work .
Now , how do you propose I get home ?
Penny . But I sense that is no longer an option .
We had a difference of opinion .
Whether or not he was trying to kill me . For the record , I maintain he was . Where are you going ?
Oh , but I am not going home . It is Wednesday , Wednesday is new comic book day , we have to go to the comic book store . And then we have to stop at Soup Plantation , it is creamy tomato soup day , and Radio Shack , there is a sale on triple a batteries . Plus , we have to go to Pottery Barn and return my Star Wars sheets .
You want to go to pottery barn first ?
Good morning .
She is in my spot . Do not look at me like that , everybody knows that my spot .
Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook ? But I do not have a problem .
Why Penny ?
Hold on , I have one condition .
We have to stop at Pottery Barn .
And Radio Shack .
And the comic book store .
I was otherwise engaged .
Examining perturbative amplitudes in n=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a re examination of the ultraviolet properties of multi loop n=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory .
I am actually more of a theorist .
Oh .
Excuse me , but I have some concerns about these questions .
Yes ?
No .
Just , look , see , this first question makes no sense , how many car lengths should you leave in front of you when driving ? There is no possible way to answer that , a car length is not a standardized unit of measure .
I do not need your help , Penny .
No , no , wait , no , hang on , look at this next question .
How else are they going to learn ? Look , question 2 , when are roadways most slippery ? Now , okay , there are three answers , none of which are correct . The correct answer is , when covered by a film of liquid sufficient to reduce the coefficient of static friction between the tire and the road to essentially zero , but not so deep as to introduce a new source of friction .
But I am not done . I have many additional concerns about these questions .
Aced it .
Is that why I appear to be in downtown Fallujah , behind the wheel of an up armored Humvee ?
Ooh !
Statistically , red cars are stopped by police far more often than any other colour . I do not want any hassles with the fuzz .
You know the pale blue of Luke Skywalker is lightsaber , before it was digitally remastered ?
I have not fastened my seat belt yet .
Click . Now , are there air bags ?
What if a simulated van rear ends me ?
Thank you .
I do not know . I was on the Pasadena freeway , I missed my exit , flew off the overpass , and one thing led to another .
No . I quit .
Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software , it is amazingly detailed .
No , I am not giving up , I never give up .
I am transcending the situation . I am clearly too evolved for driving .
Leonard , have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly smaller than the average for someone of my size ?
Well , those are indicators that I am farther along the evolutionary scale than the average human .
Well , no , no , I am not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in humankind , you know , a Homo Novus , if you will , no , that is for anthropologists to decide . But I am convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because I am not meant to .
No , no . Leonard , I am meant for greater things , like unraveling the mysteries of the universe , not determining when it is safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road .
Yeah , well , I know that now .
Homo Novus does not know .
In short , anyone who told you that you would someday be able to make any significant contribution to physics played a cruel trick on you , a cruel trick indeed . Any questions ? Of course not . I weep for the future of science . Now if you will excuse me , the latest issue of Batman is out . Come , Leonard .
The truth can indeed be a finger down the throat of those unprepared to hear it . But why should I cater to second rate minds ?
Oh , yeah ? Well… you are a mean person .
That is the prevailing opinion .
Amazing , an intelligent labradoodle .
The fact is I am quite close to a breakthrough in showing how neutrinos emerge from a string net condensate .
It is what I do .
I do not drink coffee .
I do eat dinner .
I never eat in strange restaurants . One runs the risk of non standard cutlery .
Three tines is not a fork , three tines is a trident . Forks are for eating , tridents are for ruling the seven seas .
That would be acceptable . On Mondays , I eat Thai food . Mee krob and chicken sate with extra peanut sauce from Siam Palace .
What a nice girl .
Yes . Apparently I am getting a free dinner .
Oh , hello .
Did you enjoy the humorous footnote where I illustrate mirror symmetry by likening it to the Flash playing tennis with himself ?
My hypotheses tend to have that effect .
Yes .
Not in these pants .
Oh , great . She is smart , insightful and she has a very unique way of , you know , revering me .
Thank you . Did anyone touch it ?
Ramona pointed out that I have been wasting 20 minutes a day standing on cafeteria lines .
You do not tackle the big issues , Ramona . You fence with them . En garde . Riposte .
Oh , good one .
Well , to paraphrase Mozart , all the subatomic particles are there , I just have to put them in the right order .
Are not I ?
Yes , I am close to a breakthrough . Ooh , it tickles
Oh , yes , it is Halo night . Let me just dry my tootsies .
Yes , I am . It is Wednesday . Wednesday is Halo night .</i>
Me . Sorry , Leonard .
You heard her . How can I argue with me ?
I prefer to think of it as I am pulling them forward .
He does on Wednesdays .
He does want that . Does a man with my intellectual gifts play paintball on weekends ?
Drat .
I suppose . Battlestar Galactica comes on tonight .  I guess I can wait for the DVD .  And then never ever watch it .
Please , please , I do not have a lot of time . Look , Ramona finally dozed off , and I need you to help me get rid of her .
I do not know , but apparently I am in some kind of relationship , and you seem to be an expert at ending them .
I see man after man leaving this apartment never to return .
Hide me .
I formally request sanctuary .
Um… she distracted me . I told you , Penny , I do not have time for your nonsense , I have important things to do .
It is Morse code .
So we can communicate through the wall .
Yes , but the communication is not encrypted .
It is very simple . This is A  this is B  this is C…
All right .
Shh ! Ramona is sleeping on the couch .
Never , that is the problem . I need your help .
I am invoking the Skynet clause of our friendship agreement .
Come on ! Do not nitpick !
Shh . All right , I am invoking our bodysnatchers clause .
Yes . She is in the living room . Go , I will wait here .
Now ! Do it !
Godzilla clause ?
Rats .
And I could not have done it without you .
It was a lot more than that . You helped me work out the masses of all the fermions , and you pumiced my hammer toe . How can I ever repay you ?
Who is Nowitzki ?
Oh , you want me to share credit ?
Get out !
Maybe when I publish it , I will include an inhaler .
Let is see , today is Thursday . Thursday nights , I eat pizza from Giacomo is . Sausage , mushrooms , light olives .
What a nice girl .
Yes , I am getting a free pizza . I am on a roll .
Just one more bite .
I am just so… full .
Time . Alright Klingons , pencils down .
Got it . Yup .
Yeah . Yeah .
Bilurrrbe .
What is wrong with your TV ?
Excuse me , Penny , but we are…
…playing Klingon Boggle .
All right , if you must watch , then mute it with closed captions , please .
All right , Boggle warriors , kapla’ !
Oh ! Worf , nice ! Too bad that is a proper noun .
Is qochbe’ spelled with a  or a  ?
All right , pencils down ! I have lokh , makh , and cherrrkh . Anybody got those ?
Is my hamburger medium well ?
Dill slices , not sweet ?
Individual relish packets ?
Onion rings ?
Extra breading ?
What did they say ?
Did you protest ?
Vociferously ?
Well , then what took you so long ?
Oh , do we have to suffer through this transparently manipulative pseudo reality again ?
You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and compromise . Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre approved at the weekly roommate meeting .
But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda .
Fine . Mock Parliamentary procedure . At least put it on mute .
Who touched my…
Why would you do that ?
The big deal is that nobody touches food on my plate .
Well , I am sorry , but that is your second strike .
You have two strikes . Three strikes and you are out . It is a sports metaphor .
Yes , baseball .
March 18th . You violated my rule about forwarding email humour .
The photo of the cat who wants to “has cheezburger” ?
I trusted you with my email address , and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet banality , strike one . Touching my food , strike two .
And then you put it back , compromising the integrity of all the other onion rings .
Look , Penny , I wish I could be more lenient with you , but since you have become a permanent member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else .
You are sitting in my spot .
Leonard , she is in my spot .
All right , that is it . Strike three .
No one said anything of the kind to Neil Armstrong , the entire nation dedicated a decade of effort and treasure to put a man on the moon .
Wait . Excuse me . You forgot my barbecue bacon cheeseburger , barbecue sauce , bacon and cheese on the side .
Why ?
You ca not do that . Not only is it a violation of California state law , it flies directly in the face of Cheesecake Factory policy .
Thank you .
Oh ! Hello .
It is Saturday night . Saturday is laundry night .
What are you implying ?
No problem , I will just do my laundry another night .
Woman , you are playing with forces beyond your ken .
Yes ?
Your clothes ?
Really ? Despite the sign that says “Do not leave laundry unattended” ?
You know , I do recall seeing some female undergarments . Where was that ? Oh , yes , earlier this evening I happened to gaze out the window and a brassiere caught my eye . Do those look familiar ?
When you understand the laws of physics , Penny , anything is possible . And may I add , mwah ha ha !
Apologize .
Well , then may I suggest you get a very long stick and play panty pinata .
I have done no stupid things .
I am meeting you halfway , I am willing to concede that you have done some stupid things .
I had no choice , Leonard , she ruined laundry night .
Mwah ha ha .
Who is it ?
Oh , good . Hi , Mom . How are you ? But , Mom , she keeps sitting in my spot . And , and she touched my food . Okay , yes , I took her clothes , but she started it . No , that is not fair . Why should I have to apologize ? Yeah , I really do not think this is the kind of thing Jesus concerns himself with . No , you are right , I do not really know what Jesus thinks about . All right , good bye . Did you tell on me ?
Thank you .
Penny .
Well played .
Just remember : with great power comes great responsibility .
Oh look , Saturn 3 is on .
How is Deep Space Nine better than Saturn 3 ?
In what sense is that a compromise ?
Ooh , I do not think so . No , anecdotal evidence suggests that in the game of rock paper scissors , players familiar with each other will tie 75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of outcomes . I suggest rock paper scissors  lizard Spock .
It is very simple . Look , scissors cuts paper . Paper covers rock . Rock crushes lizard . Lizard poisons Spock . Spock smashes scissors . Scissors decapitates lizard . Lizard eats paper . Paper disproves Spock . Spock vaporizes rock . And as it always has , rock crushes scissors .
Oh yes , like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged hindquarters .
Then I believe we have arrived at another quintessential rock paper scissors  lizard Spock moment .
What did I do ?
What happened ?
Defcon 5 ? Well , there is no need to rush .
Defcon 5 means no danger . Defcon 1 is a crisis .
Okay , first of all , that is a comparison of quality , not intensity . Secondly , Star Trek I is orders of magnitude worse than Star Trek V .
No , no , no . Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction , while Star Trek I fails across the board , art direction , costuming , music , sound editing .
Where ?
You brought a girl to the Mars Rover control room ?
So what exactly do you want us to do ?
Really ? They do not let strange women from honky tonks come in and play with $200million government projects on distant planets ?
Oh , how nice . Maybe they can carpool when they visit you in federal prison .
I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American water vessel without any means of propulsion .
Plus I understand you have to be standing next to the vehicle with your card when they arrive .
Snap what ?
Why was not that Plan A ?
Will you all excuse me ? Leonard is subtly signalling that he had like to talk to me in private .
Is there some problem ?
All right , goodbye .
Where are you going ?
Who would ask me ?
So you brought me in here to inform me that you ca not tell me where you are going and you ca not tell me who might ask ?
Leonard , a moment .
If someone , and of course , we do not know who this would be , does ask where you have gone , what should I say ?
Are you going to the office ?
Then how can I say it convincingly ?
All right . Leonard went to  the office .
This would have worked out a lot better if you had just told me you were going the office .
See ? Why do not I believe you ?
Does not anyone want to know where he is going ?
Leonard is going to  the office .
Okay , one of us is going to have to stop putting up Spock .
Hello .
Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are , for all intents and purposes , deceased . He intends to act on this by not speaking to you , feigning an inability to hear you when you speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence .
I do not make the rules , Leonard .
I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor . The cold breeze is the so called ectoplasmic issue of a disembodied soul passing by .
Look I am sorry , you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence . I am out .
Penny , hello .
What is shaking ?
It is colloquial , a conversation opener . So , do you find the weather satisfying ? Are you currently sharing in the triumph of some local sports team ?
I am striking up a casual conversation with you . S’u’up ?
All right , But I am given to understand that when you have something awkward to discuss with someone , it is more palatable to preface it with banal chit chat .
No .
Oh , good , I used that right . Anyway , you are aware that Leonard has entered into a new romantic relationship which includes a sexual component ?
Her name is Dr . Stephanie Barnett and she is a highly distinguished surgical resident at Freemont Memorial .
Good . What he may have left out is how important this relationship is to me .
Yes , see , of the handful of women Leonard is been involved with , she is the only one I have ever found tolerable .
The statement stands for itself .
Anyway , should you have any interaction with her , it would be most helpful that she not see you as a sexual rival .
You say that now , but consider the following scenario , you are sitting in your apartment , it is late , you are alone , your hypothalamus is swimming in a soup of estrogen and progesterone and suddenly even Leonard seems like a viable sexual candidate , or a , uh , hookup as it is referred to by today is urban youth .
Yes . Now , should that happen , I would ask you to find some way to suppress your libido .
Fine , whatever works .
Uh , peace out !
And you said there had never be enough pasta for the three of us .
You know , Italian housewives have a rule of thumb . A handful of dry pasta about an inch in diameter is sufficient for each person as it doubles in volume when cooked .
Thank you .
Well , Stephanie , since Leonard seems to be dropping the conversational ball , I guess I will just have to pick it up . Have you ever witnessed a violent crime ?
Good . What is your favourite fruit ?
Hmm , technically not a fruit , but all right . Where did you do your medical internship ?
Really ? That is where I was born !
I spent so much of my childhood at that hospital . When I was 12 , I got to ride there in a helicopter .
Radiation burns . A little mishap while I was building my own cat scanner .
No , I did not try , I succeeded . In fact , I was briefly able to see the inside of my sister is guinea pig , Snowball , before he caught fire . It led to an interesting expression in our house , not a snowball is chance in a cat scanner .
Excuse me . When I come back , just for fun , the subject will be alternative history . Specifically , how would the civil war have gone differently if Lincoln had been a robot sent from the future ?  Look at that , there is even pasta left over .
I do . Do you ? Because frankly , you have been in a foul mood since I sat down .
To help . Look , if you fail at this relationship , and history suggests you will , then we risk losing the medical officer that our landing party has always needed .
You are Kirk , I am Spock , Wolowitz is Scotty , Koothrappali is the guy who always gets killed , and now we have got McCoy .
Hi , Stephanie . I am sorry I am late , but your companion left the most indecipherable invitation .
We are going to the movies . What movie ? What theatre ? What time ? If you were trying to make it impossible to locate you , you could not have done a better job .
It took me nearly 20 minutes to go through the browser history on your computer to see what movie times you looked up . Wait here , I will find us seats .
My apologies , you have been sitting in it all along . Leonard , you want to slide over one ?
Oh , yeah , this is it .
This is Stephanie is facebook page . Now , where it should say in a relationship , what does it say ?
Yeah , furthermore , earlier this evening , she threw a digital sheep at some guy named Mike . Who is Mike ? Why does he get a digital sheep and not you ?
You do not see it , do you ? We are losing her .
I am afraid I ca not allow that . Pursuant to Starfleet General Order 104 Section A , you are deemed unfit and I hereby relieve you of your command .
Give me one good reason why not .
This is banana bread .
It is my understanding that an unsolicited gift of food can be a precursor to an impromptu invitation to come in and chat .
I suppose I could spare a few minutes . Were you robbed ?
How can you be sure ?
I am certain this will come as no surprise to you , but Leonard is failing in yet another relationship .
She is sending virtual livestock to random men on the internet . If I have any hope of keeping them together , I need data . Specifically , I need to know exactly what Leonard did that caused you to pop an emotional cap in his buttocks .
Again , urban slang . In which , I believe I am gaining remarkable fluency . So , what is the down and the low ? And do not worry , this is all entirely confidential , so , you feel free to include any and all shortcomings in the bedroom .
Because ?
It is not enough that you made me watch that movie , but now you mock me with it ?
More to the point , it is about finding a way to keep Leonard and Stephanie together .
Well , why not ?
Yes , I am aware of the math , Y equals 27 days over 12 to the nth , the issue remains , how do we circumvent his inevitable rejection ?
So , that is all you have got ? Apocalyptic genocide and go easy on the cologne ?
May I come in ?
I see . Apparently my earlier inquiry regarding you and Leonard crossed some sort of line . I apologize .
So , have you and I returned to a social equilibrium ?
Great . New topic . Where are you in your menstrual cycle ?
I have been doing some research online , and apparently female primates , you know , uh , apes , chimpanzees , you , they find their mate more desirable when he is being courted by another female . Now , this effect is intensified when the rival female is secreting the pheromones associated with ovulation . Which brings me back to my question , where are you in  . Clearly , I am 14 days too early .
Oh , hi Stephanie .
I have a craving for white asparagus that apparently is destined to go unsatisfied .
I am helping you with Stephanie .
When I fail to open this jar and you succeed it will establish you as the alpha male . You see , when a female witnesses an exhibition of physical domination she produces the hormone oxytocin . If the two of you then engage in intercourse this will create the biochemical reaction in the brain which lay people naively interpret as falling in love .
Yes , actually it would , but let is see how the lid goes . I am not strong enough , Leonard , you will have to do it .
Go ahead , it is pre loosened .
No , yeah , yeah , he is got it , and that is not surprising . This is something I long ago came to peace with in my role as the beta male . Open it .
Like a gladiator !
FYI , I was defrosting a steak in there .
Just for the record , my efforts to establish you as the alpha male were not aided by you bursting into tears .
Watery ?
She is right , as long as you are vomiting , coitus is contra indicated .
You are welcome , Dr . Hofstadter .
Well , you seem like a perfectly pleasant person . I just ca not understand why women have such a hard time loving you .
I had no choice , he cried in front of her .
Oh , it is hardly hacking when you use the same password for everything , Kal el .
In which I am not an expert .
If I am permitted to speak again , Dr . Sheldon Cooper for the win .Steph : I do not see anything at all , Sheldon .
Well , you are the doctor , but I am constantly hearing this annoying sound .
Is it a high frequency whistle ?
Then it must be a tumour .
Is that possible ? I used to get those all the time . Even in church .
It is not enough that she mocks me , but that is not even the correct procedure for a cootie shot .
How is it imaginary that I keep hearing an octave above Middle C ? Is that imaginary ? I do not think so .
Leonard , there is one more thing . Under Article One , Section Three of our Roommate Agreement , I am calling an emergency meeting .
Leonard moves the meeting not occur . Is there a second ? None heard , the motion fails . I had like to begin the meeting by congratulating you on the progress in your relationship with Dr . Stephanie .
That being said , we have to discuss the implementation of the agreed upon “cohabitation” rider which has been activated now that the two of you are living together .
I beg to disagree . “A girlfriend shall be deemed quote living with un quote Leonard when she has stayed over for A , ten consecutive nights or B , more than nine nights in three week period or C : all the weekends of a given month plus three weeknights .
You initialed it . See ? L .H , L .H , L .H .
Hmm , yes , you did . Now , to review the following provisions are hereby activated . In the refrigerator , as opposed to us having two separate shelves and one communal shelf , the three of us now get individual shelves and the door becomes communal . Next , apartment vacuuming shall be increased from two to three times a week to accommodate the increased accumulation of dead skin cells . Third ,the bathroom schedule . Now , I am given to understand women have different needs , so , we will have to discuss that .
At least take this with you . Look , and have Stephanie initial here , here , here , here and here . This states that she does not now nor does she intend to play a percussive or brass instrument . Sure it sounds like a tumor pressing on the auditory nerve .
It is not a big deal . We have latex gloves .
Good morning , Dr . Stephanie . I trust Leonard satisfied you sexually last night .
I heard you ask it over and over . How is it inappropriate for me to ask it once ?
See ? She is not offended . And now you finally have an answer .
In Leonard is defence , it was not for lack of trying .
You are welcome , Leonard .
Really ? I have never once been invited to have cereal with Mrs . Vartabedian .
What could I possibly have done to offend Mrs . Vartabedian ?
Oh , she is . She is terrific , and she is proving to be a valuable roommate .
Like hippies .
Do I have to pull out the paperwork again ?
Hang on . 130 over 80 . A little high . We can attribute that to the stress of sneaking past the security desk .
My aunt Marion gave them to me for my 12th birthday . She thought if I failed at theoretical physics that I should have a trade to fall back on . And by the way , the blood pressure cuff is called a sphygmomanometer .
Did not they teach you that in medical school ?
I understand . All I need is for you to authorize these tests .
Oh , and an exploratory laparoscopy . Last time I had hiccups , it felt like my diaphragm was just going through the motions .
Can I at least have the upper GI ? I already drank the barium !
Wha ? ?
I knew it ! What do I do ?
For how…
Your argument is lacking in all scientific merit . It is well established Superman cleans his uniform by flying into Earth is yellow sun , which incinerates any contaminate matter and leaves the invulnerable Kryptonian fabric unharmed and daisy fresh .
Like what ?
I think we can safely assume that all Kryptonian condiments were destroyed when the planet Krypton exploded .
Superman does not sweat on Earth .
Superman would have taken his uniform to a Kandorian dry cleaner before he left the Bottle .
So what ? His observation of high energy positrons has provided the first conclusive evidence for the existence of galactic dark matter .
It is a big whoop . It made almost all the work you have done since you have been here completely useless .
There are no do overs in Wii bowling .
Where were you that is more important than Wii bowling night ?
It is a rhetorical question . There is nothing more important than Wii bowling night .
Nice motivational speech from the team captain .
Nice motivational speech from our lead guitarist .
No , because we do not celebrate the ancient pagan festival of Saturnalia .
In the pre Christian era , as the winter solstice approached and the plants died , pagans brought evergreen boughs into their homes as an act of sympathetic magic , intended to guard the life essences of the plants until spring . This custom was later appropriated by Northern Europeans and eventually it becomes the so called Christmas tree .
Wait ! You bought me a present ?
Why would you do such a thing ?
Oh , Penny . I know you think you are being generous , but the foundation of gift giving is reciprocity . You have not given me a gift , you have given me an obligation .
Of course I do . The essence of the custom is that I now have to go out and purchase for you a gift of commensurate value and representing the same perceived level of friendship as that represented by the gift you have given me . It is no wonder suicide rates skyrocket this time of year .
No , it is too late . I see it . That elf sticker says to Sheldon . The die has been cast , the moving finger has writ , Hannibal has crossed the Alps .
No . No , I brought this on myself by being such an endearing and important part of your life . I am going to need a ride to the mall .
Yes ?  Did you forget your key ?
I told you before , bears are terrifying .
That presupposes Penny is tense .
No , we are not . Let is say for a moment that I accept the bath item gift hypothesis , I now lay the following conundrum at your feet , which size ?
You put no thought into that .
I have insufficient data to proceed . Excuse me , miss ?
If I were to give you this gift basket , based on that action alone and no other data , infer and describe the hypothetical relationship that exists between us .
Here . Now , are we friends ? Colleagues ? Lovers ? Are you my grandmother ?
Mmm , great news , Leonard , I have solved my Penny gift dilemma .
You see , the danger was that I might under or over reciprocate , but I have devised a foolproof plan . See , I will open her gift to me first and then excuse myself , feigning digestive distress .
It is , is not it ? Is it okay if I hide them in your room ? The smell makes me nauseated .
Thank you , that is very gracious .     Gentlemen .
Ah , good , Penny , you are here to exchange gifts . You will be pleased to know I am prepared for whatever you have to offer .
I should note I am having some digestive distress , so , if I excuse myself abruptly , do not be alarmed . Oh , a napkin .
To Sheldon , live long and prosper . Leonard Nimoy .
I possess the DNA of Leonard Nimoy ? !
Do you realize what this means ? All I need is a healthy ovum and I can grow my own Leonard Nimoy !
Be right back .
I know ! It is not enough , is it ? Here .
Is it wrong to say I love our killer robot ?
Did it when I was four . It is an icosahedral dye floating in tinted blue water .
What did the toaster oven ever do to you ?
Yeah , this is an auspicious moment . Yeah , like Robert Oppenheimer or Neil Armstrong , we need the appropriate words to mark this historic scientific event .
If it wanted to kill you , you had be dead .
I am sorry , are you unaware of the upcoming Southern California Robot Fighting League Round Robin Invitational ?
Yeah , excuse me , Penny , but in this room , you are the one who is peculiar .
His name is Monte .
Leonard , I believe it is . This is trash talk , and trash talk is a traditional component in all sporting events . Kripke , your robot is inferior and it will be defeated by ours because ours exceeds yours in both design and execution . Also , I am given to understand that your mother is overweight .
Now , of course , if that is the result of a glandular condition and not sloth and gluttony , I withdraw that comment .
There are boundaries .
What do you mean ?
We accept your challenge . Name a time and place .
Make it so .
We do not have that option , we have accepted the challenge . We ca not run away from a fight .
Impressive as that may be , Monte is not us . Monte has no fear .
You are overlooking the fact that we now know what we are up against and we can modify Monte so that he is prepared .
Have faith , gentlemen . We do not need Wolowitz , engineering is merely the slow younger brother of physics . Watch and learn . Do either of you know how to open the toolbox ?
No , Leonard . For years , merciless thugs like Kripke have made my life a series of painful noogies and humiliating wedgies and the insensitively named Indian burns . That stops now .
What you fail to realize is Kripke suffers from a fatal flaw , overconfidence from his robot is massive size and its overwhelming power .
Trust me , Kripke will fall easy prey to my psychological warfare . Observe . Kripke ! I would ask if your robot is prepared to meet its maker , but as you are its maker , clearly the two of you have met .
He is right , Leonard . The paradigm is to the death .
Never . I had rather see Monte dead than in your hands .
Do it .
Indeed . We are prepared for anything he can throw at us .  That is new .
Do not hurt us , do not hurt us ,
I did this . Monte was killed by my hubris and my pride . No matter what anybody says , this is my fault .
So what do you think , Howard ? It is not that bad , right ?
You are right . Monte is gone . We will bury him in the morning . A simple ceremony . I will speak . Leonard , you will play your cello .
Just a toy robot ?
First off , that is axiomatically wrong , because the best pudding is chocolate . Secondly , the organic structure of tapioca makes it a jiggling bowl of potential death . It is extracted from the plant…
It is extracted from the plant…
Tapioca is extracted from the root of the plant Manihot Esculenta . Due to a high concentration of cyanide it is poisonous in its raw form and lethal if prepared improperly .
It is also indigenous to Brazil , as is the Cocoa Bean , from which we get chocolate , the best pudding . And you promised you would not do that anymore !
Hey it is true , Kripke lacks the basic social skills that we take for granted , but he also controls the new open science grid computer that I need to use to run some simulations of structure formation in the early universe .
Well then , the solution is simple . I shall befriend him . Kripke !
What had you say of the idea of you and I becoming friends ?
Really ? That seems rather short sighted , coming from someone who is generally considered altogether unlikable . Why do not you take some time to reconsider ?
Well I think we are off to a terrific start .
First warning .
Hi .
It is a questionnaire I devised . I am having some difficulty bonding with a colleague at work , so I am doing a little research to better understand why my current friends like me .
Yeah , I agree , the social sciences are largely hokum . But , short of putting electrodes in your brain and monitoring your response to my companionship , this is the best I can do .
I know , I may have started off with a fairly obvious one . You did an aspect of my most appealing trait , playfulness . Why do not you just go ahead and write that number 1 . I am afraid you are on your own for the rest . It should take you no more than 3 hours .
Only 211 . Do not worry , in deference to you , I have kept them on a high school graduate reading level .
You got it , buddy .
Well that is certainly a thought provoking hypothesis . May I suggest it as the topic for your essay .
You answered the multiple choice questions in a pattern . A B B A C . A B B A C .
How could I not ?
There are a number of acceptable answers , for example , C : near earth transport , but certainly not avocado rancher . And your essay , suggesting that I had have better luck making friends if I wait ’til the Cylons take over ? Please .
Yes , well it is better than what Wolowitz did . He drew a raccoon with what appears to be , a distended scrotum .
What hope do I have for establishing new relationships given that my current friends apparently cannot take a few hours out of their lives to help me ?
I do not see how you could .
What do you mean ! ?
I did learn how to swim .
The skills are transferrable . I just have no interest in going in the water .
The ice caps are melting Leonard . In the future , swimming is not going to be optional . But you do bring up an interesting point . I do not have to break new ground here , I am sure much of the research already exists .
That is insane on the face of it . Come on .
You are driving me to the mall . I am going to acquire a book that summarizes the current theories in the field of friendmaking .
Family or friend ?
Too bad . If it had been a friend , I am available to fill the void .  It is just as well , she smelled like moth balls .
Excuse me . Do you have any books about making friends ?
I assume the skills can be extrapolated and transferred .
Oh ! I love trains !
Me too ! Most people do not see it . What are you reading ?
Oh I do like monkeys !
Somewhat anthropomorphized but yes . Say , maybe sometime you and I can go see monkeys together . Would you like that ?
I am making friends with this little girl . What is your name ?
Hi Rebecca , I am your new friend , Sheldon .
We were really hitting it off .
Oh good ! You are just in time . I believe I have isolated the algorithm for making friends .
See , my initial approach to Kripke , had the same deficiencies as those that plagued Stu the Cockatoo , when he was new at the zoo .
It is a terrific book . I have distilled its essence into a simple flowchart that would guide me through the process .
Mmhmm . Mmhmm . It is interesting . But is not ventriloquism , by definition , a solo activity ? Yeah ? Tell me another interest of yours . Hmmm . Is there any chance you like monkeys ? What is wrong with you ? Everybody likes monkeys . Hang on , Kripke .  A loop counter ? And an escape to the least objectionable activity ! Howard , that is brilliant ! I am surprised you saw that .
Alright Kripke , that last interest strikes me as the least objectionable and I would like to propose that we do that together . Tomorrow . Yes , I will pay . Alright , goodbye . Alright ! Time to learn rock climbing .
This appears significantly more monolithic than it did on my laptop . No , one expects to see Hominids learning to use bones as weapeons .
Hardly . Fear of heights is illogical . Fear of falling , on the other hand , is prudent and evolutionary . What would you say is the minimum altitude I need to achieve to cement our new found friendship ?
Little kid Hominids , perhaps .  Is this your entire job ? Your parents must be so proud .
Coming , Kripke . Okay . Harness seems to be secure . Small amount of incontinence just now , but the website said that is to be expected . Hey , this is not so bad . A bit like vertical swimming .
I am ? I was wrong . It IS a fear of heights .
Not really . I feel somewhat like an inverse tangent function that is approaching an asymptote .
What part of an inverse tangent function approaching an asymptote did you not understand ?
Yeah , I do not think I can .
No , that does not seem any more likely .
Well , it is not exactly a plan but I think I am going to pass out .
Hello , everyone . I brought my new friend , Barry Kripke , home for dinner .
D d d ! That is where I sit .
Oh yes , I pass out all the time . But , it was worth it . I have made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke , which brings me to an awkward moment .
Maintaining five friendships promises to be a Herculean task . So , I am going to have to let one of you go .
Leonard , you are my roommate , my source of transportation and you help me fold my sheets when they come out of the dryer . You are safe .
Do not be silly . Howard , you do not have a PhD , your cologne is an assault on the senses and you are not available for video games during the Jewish high holidays .
No . You , too , are safe .
Penny , Penny , Penny . Everything you are saying is true , but please allow me to continue . Raj , you are out . The good question , while you do provide a certain cultural diversity to an otherwise homogenous group , your responses to the questionnaire were truly disturbing . How could you , for a moment , think that my favourite amino acid is Glutamine ?
Yeah . Shoulda , woulda coulda , Raj .
So uh , Kripke , I was wondering if there is any chance you could get me some time on the open science grid computer .
No ? But we are friends !
I am confused . I was given an understanding that you allow your friends time on the machine ?
Oh . This entire endeavour seems to have been an exercise in futility . Raj , you are back in . He likes monkeys .
The problem appears to be unsolvable .
Right , these theatres have to be eliminated .
Yes , but they have no Icee machines . Despite my aggressive letter writing campaign , I might add .
They have Twizzlers instead of Red Vines . No amount of lumbar support can compensate for that .
Unacceptable , the delay would result in tomorrow morning is bowel movement occurring at work .
Excuse me , in what universe are Slurpies Icees ?
Oh , Leonard , you know I ca not do that .
They are right , it was the only option .
Why ?
Well , you did not specify .
He went to the movies without me . It was the only option . I am sorry , I do not understand which social situation this is . Could you give me some guidance as to how to proceed ?
Oh , I see . Penny , I am not sure I am comfortable harbouring a fugitive from the 2311 North Los Robles Corporation .
If you recall , I pointed out the “check engine” light to you several months ago .
You know , it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money .
Hang on a moment .  Here . Take some . Pay me back when you can .
That is why it is guarded by snakes . Take some .
I am never silly . Here .
Do not you need money ?
This is money I am not using .
My expenses account for 46 .9% of my after tax income . The rest is divvied up between a small savings account , this deceptive container of peanut brittle and the hollowed out buttocks of a superhero action figure who shall remain nameless for his own protection . Or her own protection . Take some .
I see no large upcoming expenditures unless they develop an affordable technology to fuse my skeleton with adamantium like Wolverine .
I sincerely hope so .
Wo not it also be weird if I have to say hello to you every morning on my way to work and you are living in a refrigerator box and washing your hair with rain water ?
Of course you will . It is impossible to pay me back sooner than you can . Assuming you subscribe to a linear understanding of time and causality .
Ask me why .
Of course . That is how you move a conversation forward .
The learning opportunities would be abundant . Additionally , I like having my belly scratched .
Was that sarcasm ?
Was that sarcasm ?
Was that sarca . .
Penny , you appear to have a package here .
Did you know the beret is an example of piece of women is fashion adapted from male military uniforms ? Another fascinating example is the epaulet .
All right .
Oh , good , that was an unusual interaction . I was not sure .
No .
I am at a loss . If you like , you can review my daily log of social interactions and see if there is a blunder I overlooked .
Oh , good . Dinner is here .
Okay .
Forgive me , Penny , but that would be the very definition of a frivolous lawsuit .
In case either of you have larceny in your heart , you should know that I have moved my money out of the snake can .
Outside ? I just made cocoa .
Leonard , do you not recall the last time we visited this gentleman , we returned home without pants ?
Are you sure ? Because your proposal suggests that you do not .
All right . Leonard fairly calls the question , who is in favour of abandoning our game and confronting Penny is steroid infused ex boyfriend in a suicidal mission to extract money from him ? Say hi to Kurt for us .
They did .
They had a terrible time of it , Leonard .
Which means his triumph will be even larger . Minstrels will write songs about him .
You do not remember me ? How could he not remember me ?
I remember him .
I have got it . He did not remember me because the last time we met I was in a Halloween costume .
Hello , Penny .
Sarcasm ?
Darn . I ca not seem to get the hang of that .
Well done , Leonard . The true hero does not seek adulation , he fights for right and justice simply because it is his nature .
That is your badge of honour , your warrior is wound , if you will . I was wrong , minstrels will write songs about you .
This should be fairly easy to deduce . He is holding the phone to his left ear . Ears do not cross hemispheres , so he is using the analytical rather than the emotional side of the brain , suggesting that he has no personal relationship with the caller .
He is referring to an activity he has done before . It is unpleasant and needs to be repeated . This suggests some sort of invasive medical test , like perhaps a colonoscopy .
Yes , yes . Yeah , I am definitely going with colonoscopy .
I have the same problem with him . My theory is that his lack of focus stems from an over developed sex drive .
That seems a fairly efficient arrangement .
Of course . I would very much like to read about your sex life .
The frequency with which your parents had intercourse .
Aw…
What a remarkable woman .
I envy you your childhood .
You are clearly misremembering . Your mother is brilliant , analytical , insightful , and I am betting she never hit you with a Bible because you would not eat your Brussels sprouts .
You were lucky . When I was a kid , if I wanted an EEG , I had to attach my own electrodes .
Leonard , I had no idea your siblings were so much more successful than you .
It is totally understandable . In bladder voiding , as in real estate , it is location , location , location .
Her reasoning is unassailable . It is one o’clock .
You went to the comic book store without me .7
I know . Although I have always hated how my right frontal lobe looks in pictures .
I had love to see a scan of your brain sometime .
Oh , I ca not believe that .
My apologies . I have been living with your son too long . Gotten into some bad habits .
Can I make you a cup of tea ?
I feel very comfortable around you .
It is surprising because I generally do not feel comfortable around , well , anyone .
What are the odds that two individuals as unique as ourselves would be connected by someone as comparatively workaday as your son ?
I had like to do the math .
So , what do you think ?
Normally , I had feel the same way . But based on everything I have observed about us , I ca not help but speculate we had be very good together .
I was hesitant the first time I tried it , but I experienced an unanticipated and remarkable release of endorphins . It is quite satisfying .
You see right through me , do not you ?
The Pharmacology Department controls that , and they are all hopped up on experimental steroids .
I think the time has come to acknowledge that we are paying the price for some of us failing to attend my Physics Department paintball strategy meeting .
And I told you I wanted to see a doctor is note .
All right , what we need now is a tactical retreat . Did you see the episode of Stargate where they found themselves on a planet with a culture based loosely on Earth is Athens and Sparta ? Not important . Leonard , Raj and I are going to burst out the door and run away , Howard will cover us .
Because you chose your mother is veins over victory . On three . One , two , three , go !
Unacceptable . It baffles me why they do not simply let some of you go so that there is money available for my research .
Based on your academic record , any number of things , I would imagine .
I believe the back scratching metaphor generally describes a quid pro quo situation where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action .
The mrow , that sounded to me like an African civet cat .
No . Despite what the name suggests , the civet cat is not a true cat . Now I am done .
Is that why you did not cover our escape and let us get cut down like animals ?
My good man , dereliction of duty in the face of the enemy is a court martial offense .
Hello , Penny .
You are in my spot .
No , I am going to the comic book store .
What difference does it make ?
That is my spot . In an ever changing world , it is a single point of consistency . If my life were expressed as a function on a four dimensional Cartesian coordinate system , that spot at the moment I first sat on it would be zero zero zero zero .
I am not unhappy .
Fine . The new issue of Flash is out .
Koothrappali picked me up .
They do not talk incessantly for no particular reason .
Hello , fastest man alive . Want to see me read your entire comic book ? Want to see it again ? Something is wrong .
I am not sure . It does not feel right .
Why do not I just eat in my desk chair ?
That is my desk chair , that is where I work . I do not eat in my desk chair and I do not work in my spot . I work in my desk chair and eat in my spot .
Excuse me , but the problem is not solved . If your head had been accidentally amputated , and we transplanted a dog is head in its place , would that be “problem solved” ?
You claim it is going to be a week , but I have no faith in your dry cleaner .
Did you notice the sign on his counter ? He is not a full time dry cleaner . He also makes keys .
Focus is important . Was Michael DeBakey a wedding planner in between heart transplants ? Did Alexander Fleming moonlight as a hairdresser ? “Thanks for discovering penicillin , now how about we try a bouffant ?”
This is my spot . Where else am I supposed to crouch ?
From that key maker , I highly doubt it .
All right .
There is one more zero . You forgot the time parameter .
Nope .
More ?
Yes . From Szechuan Palace .
What ? Wh Where did my cashew chicken come from ?
No . No , this is not right . Our food always comes in Szechuan Palace containers .
But . Oh , this changes everything .
What is real ? What is not ? How can I know ?
Leonard ?
I still do not like this cushion .
Right , just one thing before we start .
That was for my cushion .
I am sorry , Leonard . But revenge is a dish best served cold .
She ca not shoot me . She is dead .
Well , if we are going to descend into anarchy
Stop . We ca not do this , it is not right .
But once you open the box , you have voided the warranty . The warranty is a sacred covenant we have entered into with the manufacturer . He offers to stand by his equipment , and we in return agree not to violate the integrity of the internal hardware . This little orange sticker is all that stands between us and anarchy .
I understand your envy . This is a ca not miss symposium . There are going to be discussions on bioorganic cellular computer devices , the advancements in multi threaded task completion , plus a roundtable on the nonequilibrium Green is function approach to the photoionization process in atoms .
George Smoot is a Nobel Prize winning physicist , one of the great minds of our time . His work in black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation cemented our understanding of the origin of the universe .
It is like talking to a chimp .
We are not flying , we are taking the train .
Do not say it like that , Leonard , say it like : we are taking the train !
Oh , I always enjoy that , but I am a little busy .
I am simplifying the task of packing for our trip . See , by attaching RFID tags to my clothing , it will enable my laptop to read and identify the items with this wand . I will then cross reference them against destination , anticipated activity spectrum , weather conditions , duration of trip , et cetera .
Assuming I can keep up this pace , three hours , 11 minutes , and plus however long it takes to conclude this fairly pointless conversation .
I do not follow .
Socks , one pair , cotton , argyle , blue . Socks , one pair , cotton , argyle , blue .
Gentlemen , this is the Coast Starlight , one of the great American trains operating on one of the classic American routes . On this side , you will see panoramic ocean vistas inaccessible to any other form of transportation , while on your side , you will be treated to 350 miles of CostCos , Jiffy Lubes , and cinderblock homes with above ground pools .
No .
That is over the wheelbase . Are you completely unfamiliar with the suspension characteristics of a pre 1980 Pullman built Superliner Deluxe passenger coach ?
Here . I am hoping once you reap the endorphic rewards of the steady clickety clack of steel wheels on polished rails , your sour disposition will abate .
He is referring , of course , to third class on Indian Railways’ magnificent Ranakpur Express and its twelve hundred kilometer journey from Maharashtra to the Bikaner Junction .
Unlikely . That is a television show , Leonard .
Of course , if SkyNet actually did exist in the future , a perfect way to infiltrate and destroy mankind would be to send Terminators back posing as actors who have played Terminators in popular films and television series , lulling us into a false sense of security , i .e , that is Summer Glau from The Sarah Connor Chronicles . No , Summer , do not kill me ! I am pro robot ! Ahh !
Whee !
I am confused . I thought you were involved in some sort of socially intimate pairing with Leslie Winkle .
All right .
Yes .
Interesting that you ask . The Coast Starlight recently added the refurbished Pacific Parlour Car . Built in 1956 and originally known as the Santa Fe Lounge Car , the lower level is a theatre…
and the upper level is a bar that offers wine tastings if you are going as far as Portland .
Oh , no .
I forgot my flash drive .
So we have to go back .
You do not understand . My flash drive has my paper on astrophysical probes of M theory effects in the early universe that I was going to give to George Smoot at the conference .
It is brilliant . He needs to read it .
Then I will not get to see his face light up as he reads it .
Oh , this is an unmitigated disaster .
You forgot your flash drive , You forgot your flash drive
Okay , I have found the perfect solution . We get off the train at the next stop in Oxnard . We then take the 1 :13 train back to Union Station . We take a cab back to the apartment , get my flash drive , and then race to San Luis Obispo , where , assuming the lights are with us and minimal traffic , we will meet the train .
Are you going to be sarcastic ?
But the flash drive is in a locked drawer in my desk .
The key is hidden in my room .
Penny would have to go into my room .
People do not go in my room !
Oh , I hate when that happens .
Okay , step four . Do you see that small plastic case on my dresser ?
It is Sheldon .
I am not in San Francisco . I am on a train . Were you even listening to me ?
What is up ? I will tell you what is up . I am in a crisis situation , and I need you to marshal your powers of concentration , limited as they may be…
Okay . Enough chitchat . Okay , step one , locate your emergency key to our apartment . Step two , enter our apartment . Step three , enter my bedroom .
No ! Leonard , let me tell you something . Personal robots cannot get here soon enough .
All right , now , before you enter my bedroom unescorted , I need you to understand that this onetime grant of access does not create a permanent easement . Easement . It is a legal right
Yes , I am still here . Where am I going ? I am on a train . Now , what you will be looking for is a small wooden box located between a Hoberman is sphere and a sample of quartz flecked with pyrite . Hoberman is Sphere . It is a collapsible icosidodecahedron . No , the thing with the time on it is my alarm clock .
That is the wrong box . Put it back .
Do not read those letters !
Put down the letters !
I am back .
Nobody calls me Moon Pie but Meemaw !
You are holding a Japanese puzzle box , which takes ten precise moves to open . First , locate the panel with the diamond pattern and slide the centre portion one millimetre to the left . Then , on the opposite end of the box , slide the entire panel down two millimetres . You will hear a slight click .
No , it is a novelty I ordered off the Internet . Now , did you hear the click ?
Okay , now you are going to insert the flash drive into the USB port . She calls me Moon Pie because I am nummy nummy and she could just eat me up , now , please put the flash drive in the USB port . The one that looks like a little duck is mouth .
Despite my deep love of chess , lasers and aerosol disinfectant , I must forfeit .
– Because it is almost eleven o’clock .
So , Penny has a do not knock on my door before eleven o’clock  or I punch you in the throat rule .
It is eleven am .
This package came while you were at work .
Excuse me .
You have to sign this .
When I signed for the package , I was deputized by the United Parcel Service and entrusted with its final delivery . I now need you to acknowledge receipt of the package so that I am fully indemnified and no longer liable .
Well , the contents are irrelevant . A legal bailment has been created . Does that mean nothing to you ?
Bailment describes a relationship in common law where a physical possession of personal property , or chattels , is transferred from one person , the bailor , to another person , the bailee .
Obviously , not a cleaning business .
Good for you . Sign here .
But then who will bring me my cheeseburger on Tuesday nights ?
What is her name ?
And you are going to let her handle my food ?
I think you are just making that up .
Maybe I had be better off with Nancy .
How many of these can you make a day ?
And how much profit do you make per Penny Blossom ?
No , Of course you are not . All right , ten dollars a day times five days a week times 52 weeks a year is two thousand six hundred dollars .
Before taxes .
I believe the Internal Revenue Service would strongly disagree . But , if you took advantage of modern marketing techniques , and you optimized your manufacturing process , you might be able to make this a viable business .
Penny , I am a physicist . I have a working knowledge of the entire universe and everything it contains .
I have a working knowledge of the important things in the universe . Good luck .
Of course I could .
Just to be clear here , you are asking for my assistance .
And you understand that will involve me telling you what to do ?
And you are not allowed to be sarcastic or snide to me while I am doing so .
Good . Let is begin with the premise that everything you have done up to this point is wrong .
Sarcasm . Good bye .
All right . 12 minutes and 17 seconds .
That is 4 .9 Penny Blossoms per hour . Based on your cost of materials and your wholesale selling price , you will effectively be paying yourself… $5 .19 a day .
There are children in a sneaker factory in Indonesia who outearn you .
You are questioning my math ?
Want me to show my work ?
All right , are you familiar with the development that resulted from Honoré Blanc is 1778 use of interchangeable parts ? The assembly line , of course .
That was not a part of our original agreement , and I do not agree to it now .
You are thinking of the moving assembly line , an understandable but not excusable mistake . No . The moving assembly line , that was introduced by Henry Ford in 1908 . That innovation is what made possible our modern consumer culture by enabling a low unit cost for manufactured goods . I guess that is not one of the topics discussed on your Radiohead .
I assume you are referring to the sea shanty . It is a rhythmic work song designed to increase productivity .
Penny is making hair accessories . I am helping her optimize her manufacturing process . All right , break is over .
Hot glue .
It will not work , the flower is too porous .
Intriguing .
Hush , hush , hush , hush , hush , virtually non existent . I am thinking that we set her up with a hosted turnkey e commerce system to start .
Of course , but before we set up a marketing and distribution infrastructure , we should finish optimizing the manufacturing process . To start with , she has a terrible problem with moisture induced glitter clump .
Let is think out of the box for a moment . How about a molecular sieve ?
Wow .
Oh , great . Raj , why do not you and Howard go get the charcoal ? Leonard , why do not you start working on some preliminary Web site designs . I will make some space in our apartment so we can move the manufacturing process .
It is not my apartment .
– What is wrong with it ?
Penny , this is your enterprise , so it is ultimately your decision , but based on the quality of his work , I had strongly recommend that we let Leonard go .
What I want is irrelevant . This is Penny is decision . Penny ?
Camouflaging bald spots . That is primarily a male concern . Perhaps we could expand our market .
Brilliant . Men love Bluetooth .
Penny , everything is better with Bluetooth .
Oh , another market to expand into , balding gay men .
We should get to work .
Excuse me , but was this not your goal ? Financial independence through entrepreneurial brilliance and innovation ? My brilliance and innovation , of course , but still .
Okay , that , right there , that equivocation and self doubt , that is not the American spirit . Did Davy Crockett quit at the Alamo ? Did Jim Bowie ?
Alright , let me put it this way . Your gross receipts on this one order will be over $3 ,000 for one night is work .
I believe I am hearing some negativity on the factory floor .
Penny , the labour force is a living organism that must be carefully nurtured . Any counterproductive grumbling must be skilfully headed off by management . Observe . Hey ! Less talk , more work !
Thank you . You hear any union talk , you let me know .
No , I do not drink coffee .
I am sorry , coffee is out of the question . When I moved to California , I promised my mother that I would not start doing drugs .
I have complete faith that you will make them . Good night .
You are right , of course .
Very well , but if this leads to opiates or hallucinogenics , you are going to have to answer to my mother .
No problem . I will be back before this banana hits the ground . Zoom , zoom , zoom , zoom ! Zoom , zoom , zoom , zoom !
Penny , please , we are facing a far more serious problem than stray arachnids .
Not bad ? It is horrible . I mean , you hear stories about this sort of thing , but you never think it will happen to you .
What ?
The horror !
No , no , no , no , no , no , no…
The horror !
No , it is not going to be fine , change is never fine . They say it is , but it is not .
I never met them . That is what made them perfect , there were no awkward hellos in the halls , there was no clickety clacking of high heel shoes on hardwood floors , they may as well have been a family of cats just jumping around from drape to drape without that annoying ammonia urine smell .
You ca not know that . How can you possibly know that ?
You are tricking me . You tell me the truth , what do we get ?
I knew it ! PS3 , definitely  PS3 , who would pick a mountain bike ?
I am checking for musical instruments . Does that sound like castanets to you ?
So ? Do cocaine smugglers write cocaine on the box ?
Hello .
Hello .
If that concludes your faltering attempt to mate , hello .
Hello . On a scale of one to ten how light of foot would you describe yourself with one being not cat like at all and ten being freakishly feline ?
Is that your answer or do you not understand the question ? We will come back to that one .
Hang on . Are you now or have you ever been a salsa , Irish folk or break dancer ?
Oh , I am sorry . Well , if it helps you feel any better you are doing very well so far . Next question , are you fertile ?
I am trying to determine whether crying infants above my head are a possibility .
If that changes , let me know . And finally , area rugs , pro or con ?
Alicia ?
Welcome to the building .
Alicia is non musical , childless and pro rug . She is still on probation , of course , but I like her .
You do not jog .
True , but the more likely explanation for your attire is that you are out of clean clothes again .
You are welcome , Penny .
Oh , mimicry . I enjoy mimicry . I have been working on Admiral Ackbar from Return of the Jedi . “It is a trap .” You have to imagine me with a giant squid head . “It is a trap . It is a trap . It is a trap .”
Congratulations , I see you did your laundry .
How does one sort of…
He is upstairs at Alicia is .
In what I can only perceive as a tactical move to destroy me , he is with Wolowitz and Koothrappali setting up her stereo .
It is axiomatically atypical . Up until recently , they did not know Alicia , and had no encounters with her in a previous location . They never went upstairs to visit the former tenants , so your characterization of their behaviour as typical Is demonstrably fallacious .
Oh , great ! now , I have to start all over again .
Who is it ? Oh hello , Penny , it is open , come in . Sarcasm .
You think I ca not hear them ? Listen to that . Stomp , stomp , stomp . That is Wolowitz in his stacked heels that fool no one .
You know , Penny , there is something that occurs in beehives you might find interesting . Occasionally , a new queen will arrive while the old queen is still in power . When this happens , the old queen must either locate to a new hive or engage in a battle to the death until only one queen remains .
I am just talking about bees . They are on the discovery channel . What are you talking about ?
Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced , not shredded ?
Even though the menu description specifies shredded ?
Brown rice , not white ?
You stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard ?
Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market ?
Good . See how it is done , Leonard ?
They are gone , Penny . They ca not hear you .
You once had Leonard and me get your television from your ex boyfriend .
May I interject something here ?
You got the wrong mustard .
Only the modern green lantern is vulnerable to yellow .
Hu u u uh… . Hu u u uh !
This is Thai food .
We do not have Thai food on Thursday . We have pizza on Thursday .
Well apparently the news did not reach my digestive system , which , when startled , has its own version of Anything Can Happen Thursday .
Rut ? I think you mean consistency . And if we are going to abandon that , then why even call it Thursday ? Let is call it Quonko Day and divide it into 29 hours of 17 minutes apiece , and celebrate it by sacrificing a goat to the mighty god Ra .
All right . Let is go to the comic book store .
Last night was Wednesday . Wednesday is comic book night . Tonight , we will be going on Thursday , because it is Anything Can Happen Thursday .
The one that estimates the odds of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the product of an increasingly restrictive series of fractional values such as those stars with planets , and those planets likely to develop life ? N equals R times FP times NE times FL times FI times FC times L ?
Fascinating .
To the comic book store . You are probably thinking , the comic book store ? On a Thursday ? Why , I have fallen down the rabbit hole and into a land of madness . What you have failed to take into account , Penny , is that this is Anything Can Happen Thursday .
I think you mean comic books . Comics are feeble attempts at humour featuring talking babies and anthropomorphized pets found traditionally in the optimistically named funny pages .
Just pick out anything ? Maybe at the same time we can pick out a new suit for him without knowing his size , or pick out his career for him without knowing his aptitude , or pick out a new breakfast cereal without knowing his fibre requirements or his feelings about little marshmallows .
Amazing Spider Man , Ultimate Spider Man , Spectacular Spider Man , The Marvelous Adventures of Spider Man , Spider Man 2099 ?
Oh , I forgot Sensational Spider Man .
A superb choice .
Yeah , provided he has already read Infinite Crisis and 52 , and is familiar with the re establishment of the DC multiverse .
Get her out of here .
Why should I let it go ? I saw it first .
A far less impressive feat .
I need it for my Robin collection .
Why would I gamble ? It is mine . Let go .
No , you !
Yes , he will not let go of my comic book .
Leonard , we need a ruling .
Once again , defeated by your own prurient interests .
So , Leonard , how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday ?
Are you ill ?
All right . Then is it fair to say that you are experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over the events involving Penny earlier this evening ?
A moment ago , when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode . Would you like some advice ?
Then , this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section .
Would you rather I offer my personal insight ?
Oh , I disagree . Stuart is taller , artistic , self employed and , most significantly , he gets 45 percent off comic books .
My original point .
Vintage does not even begin to describe what we have planned . Tonight , we are playing the classic 1980 interactive text adventure , Zork . It is the buggy beta version .
Oh , good , Stuart , I thought I heard your voice . Do you have a moment ?
What are you doing ?
Is not it a little late for coffee ?
Well , I have spent the last three hours in an online debate in the DC Comics Batman chatroom , and I need your help .
I am asserting , in the event that Batman is death proves permanent , that original Robin , Dick Grayson , is the logical successor to the Bat Cowl .
More wrong ? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation .
Has to be ? Has to be ? I hope you are being deliberately provocative .
Yeah , herbal tea for me , please .
Of course I am . Removing Joe Chill as the killer of Batman is parents effectively deprived him of his raison d’être .
Au contraire .
I am forgetting nothing and I resent your tone .
So , I win .
So , I win .
Darn tootin’ , I win .
No , no , no , no , do not wake her . She will maul you like a rabid wolverine .
That is preposterous . I do not resemble C3PO . Do not get me wrong , I am flattered , I just do not see it .
What exactly does that expression mean , friends with benefits ? Does he provide her with health insurance ?
I am sorry , I ca not imagine any of that .
I believe it is my turn , you may begin your questions whenever you are ready .
I do not like this game .
I bet he is someone from Babylon 5 , we are never going to guess .
I do not understand . If you were in a non emotional relationship then why are you having  what appears be an emotional response ?
You know , I am given to understand that there is an entire city in Nevada designed specifically to help people like Howard forget their problems . Where  you can replace them with new problems such as alcoholism , gambling addiction and sexually transmitted diseases .
I had rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal .
And how are you doing this fine evening ?
Good . I am glad .
I am just in a good mood . While my compatriots are in Las Vegas , I will be enjoying a blissful evening in my personal Fortress of Solitude .
Do you know , I am such a good mood , I am actually finding your tenuous grasp of the English language folksy and charming today .
That is the intoxicating aroma of Kadhai Paneer , a perfect culinary representation of the freedom this evening holds . Not only is it Indian cuisine , which Koothrappali loathes , it contains a generous helping of peanuts , which would reduce Wolowitz to a wheezing 97 pound blister . And finally , it is main ingredient is Paneer , a farmer is cheese which would cause Leonard to render any room uninhabitable within minutes .
Penny . I realize you are also on your own tonight , so if at some point you find yourself with nothing to do , please do not disturb me .
Oh , I shall .  No !
We have a bowl . Our keys go in a bowl . You should get a bowl .
I left them in the bowl .
Where ?
What is it doing in my apartment ?
You were in my… why would you… what are you saying ?
You are the milk thief ! Leonard said I was crazy but I knew that carton felt lighter .
Eat ? My dinner ? In your apartment ?
Sure , why not ? And after the sun is down we can all pile in my pick up and go skinny dipping down at the creek . ‘Cause today is the day to stop making sense .
So , how was your day ?
No , it is the accepted convention . How was your day ?
I am sorry , that is not going to interest me at all , just eat .
Okay , that is question 20 , you have to guess .
How can one person be a whole movie ?
Fine . I was Spock . Are you and Leonard friends with benefits .
Are you and Leonard friends with benefits ?
No , Leonard said nothing , but who knows what goes on over here when he pretends your mail was misdelivered .
Hmm , I see .
I am curious about the whole social construct . On its face , the idea of satisfying ones sexual appetite , assuming one is afflicted with such , without emotional entanglement , that seems eminently practical . What I have observed , however , is Howard Wolowitz crying like a little girl .
Can you ?
Are you able to have sex with men without developing an emotional attachment ?
Is this conversation making you uncomfortable ?
I really have no idea . I do not particularly excel at reading facial expressions , body language…
Thank you , that is very helpful .
Are you suggesting I sleep on the couch .
I ca not sleep on your couch . I sleep in a bed . And given it is dimensions I have no intention of living out E .M . Snickering is beloved children is book  , The Tall Man From Cornwall .
There was a tall man from Cornwall whose length exceeded his bed . My body fits on it , but barely upon it , there is no room for my big Cornish head .
May I say one last thing .
Alright . Goodnight .
Penny .
I ca not sleep . how are you going ?
I am homesick .
Twenty feet , twenty light years , it does not matter . It is in a galaxy far , far away .
Sing soft kitty .
Homesick is a type of being sick .
I suppose we can stay up and talk .
Sleepy kitty .
No . Start over .
Penny .
Thank you for letting me stay here .
Okay , I am sleepy now , get out .
Smell that ? That is the smell of new comic books . Oh , yes !
I believe it is . The combination of the Star Trek reference and the play on words involving the double meaning of the verb to go suggests that Leonard is humorously mocking your efforts in space plumbing .
Oh , clever ! Playing on the use of cardinal numbers as euphemisms for bodily functions .
Excuse me , spoiler alert .
You told me it is mind blowing , so , my mind is going into it pre blown . And once a mind is pre blown , it cannot be re blown .
Said the Grinch to Christmas .
Excuse me , Stuart . Have you read the new Flash ?
Well , I have and it will knock your socks off ! Good luck getting them back on .
You are not going to answer it ?
You are making an assumption . Perhaps the comic book store is on fire , and he needs your assistance .
We do not know . And if you do not answer the phone , we ca not know .
Answer the phone , Leonard .
Are not you going to check your messages ?
You have to check your messages , the leaving of a message is one half of a social contract which is completed by the checking of the message . If that contract breaks down then all social contracts break down and we descend into anarchy .
At times .
Do you mean code red the hospital emergency alert , code red the computer worm , or code red the cherry flavoured soft drink from the makers of Mountain Dew ?
But the mission is for six months .
Have you notified NASA ?
I agree . It is the juxtaposition of the high tech nature of space exploration against the banality of a malfunctioning toilet that provides the comic fodder here . Check your messages .
Yeah , I have to say , I thought the toilet humour would get less funny with repetition . Apparently , there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop .
For what it is worth , my mother says that when we deceive for personal gain , we make Jesus cry .
You do not really believe in that superstition , do you ?
It will not work . The diameter of the tubing is insufficient .
It will not work . No way to mount it .
That could work .
You are overestimating the tensile strength of the substructure you are building .
If you knew what you were doing , there would not be a space toilet where my coffee table should be .
Oh , an excellent idea ! I could certainly use a break .
Why does Leonard get to go ?
I must say , Howard , I think a detailed letter to MIT describing your current circumstances might entitle you to a refund on your master is degree .
Fascinating .
I do not see why I have to worry . My career is not hanging in the balance . That was a joke . It is funny , because it is true .
Oh , boy .
I ca not comment without violating our agreement that I do not criticize your work .
Great restraint on my part .
Perhaps you mean a different thing than I do when you say science .
You actually had it right in the first place . Once again , you have fallen for one of my classic pranks . Bazinga ! Well , now here is a peculiar e mail . The president of the university wants me to meet him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 a .m .
It does not say . It must be an emergency . Everyone at the university knows I eat breakfast at eight and move my bowels at 8 :20 .
That is 14 hours away . For the next 840 minutes , I am effectively one of Heisenberg is particles , I know where I am or I know how fast I am going , but I ca not know both . Yet how am I supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head ?
Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is ?
You , the president of the university , his wife , their sullen teenage daughter . That entire family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it .
He did not respond to my e mail , his phone number is unlisted . Tell me what my other option was .
Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to detect slow moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole ?
Aw , how nice . Well , a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the Arctic Circle .
Yes . In fact , he was quite enthusiastic . He said , “Frankly , if I could send you tonight , I would .”
Of course not . I am a theoretical physicist , a career I chose in no small part because it is indoors , but if I am able to detect slow moving magnetic monopoles there , I will be the scientist to confirm string theory . People will write books about me . Third graders will create macaroni art dioramas depicting scenes from my life .
Sarcasm ?
I am on the horns of a dilemma . Can you imagine me , Sheldon Cooper , at the North Pole ?
I am not good with cold , Leonard . How often have we had to leave a movie theatre because I got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast ? I ca not go .
How can you say that ? The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best friend says do not go .
Listen to you . How can I possibly go ?
Odd , President Seibert posed the exact same question .
It was not . His wife set their dogs on me and rendered the question moot .
Good news , gentlemen , I have tentatively accepted…
…the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition .
Thank you , but your sentiments may be premature .
I would like to propose that the three of you accompany me .
Yes .
I will admit that was a concern . But the fact is , I will need a support team . And the three of you are my first choice .
Well , there are others who might be more qualified , but the thought of interviewing them gave me a stomach ache . Now , I know I am proposing an enormous undertaking , so why do not you take a few moments to discuss it ?
Well , gentlemen , have you reached a decision ?
Excellent . And just an FYI , as I am the expedition is team leader , protocol dictates that be phrased fine , sir . But do not worry , there will be a briefing .
Penny .
Penny .
Penny .
I need access to the Cheesecake Factory is walk in freezer .
No . This is to train for a three month expedition to the magnetic North Pole .
I do not know how that sentence could possibly confuse you , but to elaborate , I am going to the Arctic Circle with Leonard , Wolowitz and Koothrappali .
Yes .
Yes .
Is that a yes or a no on the freezer ? The woman has the attention span of a gnat .
Yes , yes , you were busy , you were surprised , all very fascinating . Now where do we stand on the freezer ?
I am sorry , but at what point do you put this see what you can do plan into action ?
No . Did she seem upset to you ?
Oh , good , I got it right . Are you upset ?
Two for two . I am on fire .
That feels like a bonus question . I am going to stop here while I am ahead , but I have had a great time .
And begin .
Adversity is to be expected . Continue .
Gentlemen , use your imagination . Innovate . Did Han Solo let Luke Skywalker freeze to death on the ice planet of Hoth ? No . He cut open a tauntaun and used its internal body heat to warm him up .
I had not thought of that . I guess we are done here .
It is hot chocolate with a stick of butter .
Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic , we need to consume at least 5 ,000 calories a day just to maintain our body weight .
Way ahead of you , that is an “I Ca not Believe It is Not Butter” stick .
That is very unlikely , Mrs . Koothrappali . If Raj dies , it will be from frostbite , gangrene , acute sunburn or being ripped to shreds by a fifteen hundred pound polar bear .
I want a cookie , Meemaw .
But Meemaw just made cookies .
What ?
Okay , Leonard , I know you are concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low .
Comforting is a part of leadership . It is not a part I care for , but such is my burden .
Assuming that is a valid reason not to go , which it is not , how do you know this ? Did she say it ?
What is it ?
Oh , that is clever . Let me see if I understand this correctly . Her missing you is an emotional state you find desirable ?
All right . Well , given that missing you is predicated on you leaving , logic dictates you must leave .
She does have a short attention span .
Leonard , you may be right . It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very intimate and carnal fashion .
Of course not . Even in my sleep deprived state , I have managed to pull off another one of my classic pranks . Bazinga !
All right , men , we begin initial assembly and deployment of the testing equipment starting tomorrow at 0700 hours , but until then , you are all off duty . I suggest you keep the shenanigans to a minimum as medical help is 18 hours away by dogsled .
It is remarkable .
What are we having ?
Did you bring the dehydrated low sodium soy sauce ?
Freeze dried spicy mustard ?
Flash frozen brown rice , not white ?
Not to worry . I hid it . Bazinga ! You are in my spot .
I do not know what Arctic expedition you guys were on , but I thought it was a hoot and a half .
Mother , I have to go . Yeah , love you . Bye .  Hello , old friend .  Daddy is home .
I just want you both to know , when I publish my findings , I will not forget your contributions .
Of course , I ca not mention you in my Nobel acceptance speech , but when I get round to writing my memoirs you can expect a very effusive footnote , and perhaps a signed copy .
Tell me what ?
You fellows are planning a party for me , are not you ?
If there is going to be a theme , I should let you know that I do not care for luau , toga or under the sea .
If this is about the night the heat went out , there is nothing to be embarrassed about .
So we slept together naked . It was only to keep our core body temperatures from plummeting .
Oh , yes . In the world of emoticons , I was colon , capital D .
You tampered with my experiment ?
Did Leonard know about this ? Leonard is my best friend in the world . Surely Leonard did not know .
Of course it was . The whole plan reeks of Leonard .
Leonard .  Leonard .  Leonard .
Whispering do not make a sound is a sound .
Penny .  Penny .  Penny .
Hello , Penny . I realize you are currently at the mercy of your primitive biological urges , but as you have an entire lifetime of poor decisions ahead of you , may I interrupt this one ?
Wolowitz has informed me of your grand deception . Do you have anything to say for yourself ?
What is going on is I was led to believe I was making groundbreaking strides in science , when in fact , I was being fed false data at the hands of Wolowitz , Koothrappali and your furry little boy toy .
That seems like a bit of an overreaction .
Yes , but the actual results are unsuccessful and I have already sent an e mail to everyone at the university explaining that I have confirmed string theory and forever changed man is understanding of the universe .
You are right , Leonard , it is not a big deal . All you did was lie to me destroy my dream and humiliate me in front of the whole university . That , FYI , was sarcasm . I , in fact , believe it is a big deal
About what ? Being betrayed by my friends ? Spending three months at the North Pole for nothing ? And I did not even get to go to Comic Con !
That is for when I am sick . Sad is not sick .
I do not have a sad song . I am not a child .
Really ? Did you just have the Nobel Prize in waitressing stolen from you ?
Are you saying that you think a celebration pie is even remotely comparable to a Nobel Prize ?
And on a different , but not unrelated topic , based on your current efforts to buoy my spirits , do you truly believe that you were ever fit to be a cheer leader ?
I missed Comic Con and the new Star Trek movie !
Because I am without friends . Like the proverbial cheese , I stand alone . Even while seated .
It is going to take more than I am sorry and a store bought apology pie from Penny to make up for what you have done to me .
You see ? People have been pointing and laughing at me all morning .
All right , I have had enough . Attention , everyone . I’ m Dr . Sheldon Cooper . As many of you in the physics department might know , my career trajectory has taken a minor detour .
My credibility may have been damaged…
But I would like to remind you that in science , there is no such thing as failure . There once was a man who referred to his prediction of a cosmological constant as the single biggest blunder of his career . That man is name was , surprise , surprise , Albert Einstein .
Oh , you think you are so clever . Well , let me just tell you , while I do not currently have a scathing retort , you check your e mail periodically for a doozy .
Thanks , Mom .
Aw , Mom .
Fed .
Bread .
Grateful .
Plateful .
My objection was based on considerations other than difficulty .
Thank you for carving a smiley face in my grilled cheese sandwich .
They are not my friends .
That was different . They were threatened by my intelligence and too stupid to know that is why they hated me .
What are they doing here ?
Evolution is not an opinion , it is fact .
I forgive you . Let is go home .
Howard , you know me to be a very smart man . Do not you think if I were wrong , I had know it ?
I am not crazy . My mother had me tested .
I did .
Perhaps what Leonard is obliquely referring to is the occurrence of some sort of sexual dysfunction .
Oh , a clever , albeit obsolete , euphemism for insufficient blood flow to the male sex organ .
Excuse me , Wolverine : Origin . Miniseries issue two , page 22 . Retractable bone claws . If you people spent less time thinking about sex and more time concentrating on comic books , we had have far fewer of these embarrassing moments .
Tandoori Palace ?
You are good naturedly ribbing me , are not you ?
Why ? Why would we change ? We had a perfectly good palace . Tandoori Palace is our palace .
I know . As I am sure you are aware…
If that is Morse code , that is terrible . As I was saying , you and Leonard had a disappointing sexual encounter . Earlier this evening , Leonard characterized it as just fine . So what you are seeing here is a continuation of the mocking that followed .
I sense I may have crossed some sort of line .
Is this it ? It was inappropriate to discuss Leonard and Penny is sex life in front of Leonard and Penny .  Oh , good ! Now I can eat .
Hang on . Based on the number of chirps per minute and the ambient temperature in this room , it is a snowy tree cricket .
In 1890 , Emile Dolbear determined that there was a fixed relationship between the number of chirps per minute of the snowy tree cricket and the ambient temperature . A precise relationship that is not present with ordinary field crickets .
Under the terms of my roommate agreement with Leonard , I have had unilateral control of the thermostat ever since the sweaty night of ’06 .
Howard , do not embarrass yourself , the science chirps for itself . Humorous word play .
That is a snowy tree cricket . Oecanthus fultoni . I was done with Latin by fifth grade .
I ca not take your money .
I have always found that an inappropriate slur . Chickens are not , by nature , at all timid . In fact , when I was young , my neighbour is chicken got loose and chased me up the big elm tree in front of our house .
Thank God .
Fair enough . What stake do you propose ?
All right , you have a wager .
I do not see anything .
One at a time .  What was that ?
Help me open it .
Fine , if you do not want to proceed , then you forfeit the bet , and I will take possession of your Fantastic Four .
Are you bothered that I can so easily manipulate you ?
Oh , really ? Well , I grew up with an older brother and a very contentious twin sister and I believe I could easily best you in any physical confrontation , be it noogies , swirlies or the classic why are you hitting yourself ?
If I were not being careful , your telling me to be careful would not make me careful .
Uh oh , flashlight went out . I need some batteries . Fellas ? Hello ? It is really dark down here .
His name is not Toby . Toby is an absurd name for a cricket .
An appropriate cricket name . For example , Jiminy .
Hang on . Voilà , the snowy tree cricket , aka Oecanthus fultoni , which is Latin for I will suck nothing . Of course I am joking because the Latin for that is nihil exsorbibo .
Obviously another carnal fiasco with the shiksi goddess .
Forgive me . Yiddish was not spoken in east Texas . And if it was , it was not spoken for long .
We have not established that I am wrong once .
Interesting . You are afraid of insects and women . Ladybugs must render you catatonic . It was a joke . I made it to lessen your discomfort . You are welcome
Excuse me , are you Professor Crawley ?
I am Dr . Cooper from the Physics Department .
I am sorry ?
No , no . We are here , let is settle this . Professor , can you identify our cricket ?
Told you .
No , no , wait . Dr . Crawley , are you sure ?
Cruel as that may be , that is not in itself a credential .
Well , apparently , I was wrong . Congratulations .
Old comic book . I just retrieved it from my safe deposit box .
Old comic books . I lost this to Wolowitz in an ill considered cricket wager .
Penny , I had rather not talk about it .
Why would that make me feel better ?
Yes , yes , the disappointing sex . That is an inexact parallel . You and Leonard can always return to being friends , whereas I can never return to a state in which Wolowitz has not bested me like Mrs . Riley is chicken .
A chicken that was owned by Mrs . Riley .
Well , I wish I could .
Of course I am right What are the odds I had be wrong twice in one week ?
I just said that . This conversation has started to circle . Meeting adjourned .
Oh , you had like to catch up on the events of the day . All right . Well , there was a half hour wait at the bank to get into my safe deposit box , I was forced to talk to Penny about your sexual problems , and , oh , yes , in a moment filled with biblical resonance , pride wenteth before my fall , causing my Flash 123 to goeth to Wolowitz .
Leonard , it astonishes me how you continually fixate on the trivial . I lost a bet to Wolowitz .
Yes .
Hardly .
Have I crossed some sort of line again ?
Hmm . Oh , who cares ?
No .
Penny , while I subscribe to the many worlds theory which posits the existence of an infinite number of Sheldons in an infinite number of universes , I assure you that in none of them am I dancing .
The math would suggest that in a few I am a clown made of candy . But I do not dance .
It is Oatmeal Day .
Dear Lord , are you still going to be here on French Toast Day ?
Look , Leonard , Penny made French toast .
It is an iCal download , she can put it right in her phone . And I thought we agreed that you had have your conjugal visits in her apartment .
I see . Did her abysmal housekeeping skills finally trump her perkiness ?
That does not seem likely . Her bed is of sturdy construction . Even the addition
I want oatmeal .
I am sure that will happen soon enough . But in the meantime , I still want oatmeal .
I ca not be impossible . I exist . I believe what you meant to say is , “I give up , he is improbable .”
What am I supposed to do , eat French toast on a Monday ? Now , that would be impossible .
You can catch even more flies with manure . What is your point ?
Boy , that does smell good . Too bad it is Monday .
Easily calculable , we begin by identifying the set of married couples with unisex names . We then eliminate those unqualified for restaurant work , the aged , the imprisoned and the limbless , for example . Next we look at…
I am sorry . Ooh , Penny , it is as if the Cheesecake Factory is run by witches .
Well , thank you . How thoughtful . Would you like a chocolate
You said be nice to Penny . I believe offering chocolate to someone falls within the definition of nice .
There are more things in heaven and earth , Horatio , than are dreamt of in your philosophy .
You know , I have always wanted to go to a goth nighclub .
Bazinga ! None of you ever see my practical jokes coming , do you ?
Did you ? I did not notice . Have a chocolate .
And it is not a cartoon , it is anime .
You are here a lot now .
Thank you . Chocolate ?
Really ?
Very good . Chocolate ?
Actually , it turns out I can .
There is just no pleasing you , is there , Leonard ? You were not happy with my previous approach to dealing with her , so I decided to employ operant conditioning techniques , building on the work of Thorndike and B .F . Skinner . By this time next week , I believe I can have her jumping out of a pool , balancing a beach ball on her nose .
I am not suggesting we really make her jump out of a pool . I thought the “bazinga” was implied . I am just tweaking her personality , sanding off the rough edges if you will .
Are you saying that I am forbidden from applying a harmless , scientifically valid protocol that will make our lives better ?
Obviously , waitressing at the Cheesecake Factory is a complex socioeconomic activity , that requires a great deal of analysis and planning . Bazinga ! You know , using positive reinforcement techniques , I could train that behaviour out of her in a week .
If you let me use negative reinforcement , I can get it done before we go to bed .
No , of course not . We are talking very mild electric shocks . No tissue damage whatsoever .
Oh , come on , you ca not tell me that you are not intrigued about the possibility of building a better girlfriend .
You mean , like that high pitched , irritating laugh ?
No , that would be incongruous , I was going to lower the whole voice to a more pleasing register .
Come again ?
Have a chocolate .
Well , I am going to make some warm milk and then turn in . I trust if you two are planning in engaging in amorous activites , you will keep the decibel level to a minimum .
Thank you .
Interesting . Sex works even better than chocolate to modify behaviour . I wonder if anyone else has stumbled on to that .
This movie baffles me every time we watch it .
Well , the instructions are very clear , do not feed the gremlins after midnight , do not get the gremlins wet . How hard is that ?
Yes . Since their relationship became carnal , Penny has upgraded his designated term of endearment , thus distinguishing him from those she calls sweetie , usually in an attempt to soften a thinly veiled insult .
Although , sometimes , she omits the veil entirely .
The parade .
Will you be serving cranberry jelly or cranberry sauce ?
You guess ? You do not seem to have much of a handle on this .
I believe it means that the U .S . Government is going to expel him from the country . He could then either return to his native India , emigrate to another country that is willing to accept him , or wander the high seas as a stateless pirate . Personally , I had choose pirate .
Another reason to consider a life of piracy . Even today , I understand that is an all male profession .
And you have continued to take the university is money under false pretences ? Highly unethical for an astrophysicist . Although practically mandatory for a pirate .
Hi , Leonard . Hello , Raj .
Forgive me , as you know , I am no adept at reading facial cues , but I am going to take a stab here , you are either sad or nauseated .
I was going to say sad . I do not know why I hedged .
Elbow macaroni with ground hamburger and tomato sauce .
Not technically . In Hinduism , cattle are thought to be like God .
I am sorry .
Understandable . Your entire life seems to be crumbling around you , and your future appears bleak at best .
And you are wrong about Hinduism and cows .
That is happy , right ?
Nailed it .
Raj , did you get the job with Professor Laughlin ?
I assumed as much . But never fear . Like the subordinate male protagonist in countless action movies who disappears half way through the second reel , I have returned to save the day . Odd , usually , he is met by cheers . Anyway , I was thinking about exploring the string theory implications of gamma rays from dark matter annihilations , and it occurred to me that I could benefit…
I am sorry , if you did not cheer at my entrance , it is too late to buy into the premise . Anyway , I got some extra money from the head of the department , and raj can come work for me .
For me . You are going to have to listen more carefully when you are on the job .
For me .
Of course I am busy .
Yes , please .  How may I help you ?
For me .
I am impressed , Raj . Those are very cogent and reasonable conditions .
I reject them all .
I am sorry , I believe you have misunderstood . I am not giving you the job . I am simply affording you the opportunity to apply for it . Have a seat , we will get started with the interview .
Please .
So , that is what you wear to an interview ?
Oh , pulling strings , are we ?
Bazinga ! You have fallen victim to another one of my classic practical jokes . I am your s now . You may want to laugh at that .
All right , we are going to be designing an experiment to look for the annihilation spectrum resulting from dark matter collisions in space .
I am the s . I make the jokes .
This is not the time for joking . We are doing serious research , which requires complete and utter focus .
What ?
Top desk drawer .
Alright ?
Good .
Of course I understand . And who are you to tell me about outer space ?
Astro means star .
English is your native language .
There is a fine line between wrong and visionary . Unfortunately you have to be a visionary to see it .
Caca ?
All right ! First of all , Dr . Koothrappali , when I first proposed that you work with me…
In this context , with me means for me .
Oh ! If I am wrong , prove it .
No , no , no , you have misstated the atomic weight of the target .
You are defacing my work .
Give me the eraser .
I said give it to me .
Fine .  Oh , lord . Dr . Koothrappali , as your superior , I forbid you from writing on my board !
I am in every way .
Doing what ?  All right , you have made your point .
I looked over the board and it turns out you were right .
I did not say that .
Nevertheless , I did not say it . Anyway , I would like you to come back and work for me .
In this context for me could mean with me .
I reject them all .
Wait , you have to drive me home .
I walked .
I ca not . There is a big dog outside . On the way home , we can start thinking about methods of optimizing the detector for 500 GEV particles .
It does not matter . You ca not possibly win .
Given the cards that have already been played , Penny can only be holding necromancer potions , which are only effective against wraiths and day walkers , and there are no more of either left to be drawn . The cards remaining in the undrawn stack are four fire weapons , a troll , two ogres and the jewel of Osiris .
From your vantage point , it certainly must seem so .
Photographic is a misnomer . I have an eidetic memory , as I have told you many times . Most recently last year during lunch on the afternoon of may seventh . You had turkey and complained it was dry .
June 30th , 2004 . Opening day of Spider man 2 at the AMC Pasadena . They only had red icees , no blue .
You had left the refreshment stand in order to indulge in your customary preemptive pre show urination .
I am sorry , no .
Yes , I have moved to a four napkin system . Lap , hands , face and personal emergencies . If you like , starting tomorrow , I will add a guest napkin , but I am afraid there is nothing I can do for you today .  Good luck . That is the face napkin .
I had imagine you heard any number of things today . When you arrived at work you undoubtedly heard , hello , Raj , how are you , Raj ? Given that you are wearing a new sweater vest , you may have heard new sweater vest ? And possibly , though far less likely , nice sweater vest .
That would probably save us some time .
I am sorry , Raj , but I have no interest in playing a game in which I find no challenge .
I have money .
How does it different from the money I have ?
Do you need it to buy a less disturbing sweater vest ?
Got it . Got it . Got it . Got it . Got it . Got it . Betty and Veronica ? Ugh .
Thank you . You just robbed me of the opportunity to stumble upon the figurine and make the oh so satisfying journey from discovery to desire to possession .
But I must have it .
Thank you . You know , I can buy all these things online . I come here for the personal service .
Excuse me . Are you saying that Wil Wheaton aka Ensign Wesley Crusher on Star Trek :
You do not understand . Growing up , I idolized Wil Wheaton ? Wesley Crusher had an eidetic memory just like me .
I was such a fan that in 1995 , I travelled ten hours by bus to a sci fi convention in Jackson , Mississippi , wearing my Star Fleet Academy cadet uniform in order to meet Wil Wheaton and get him to autograph my mint in package Wesley Crusher action figure .
My arduous journey , however , was for naught . Although advertised to appear , he did not show up . It was at that moment , I vowed eternal hatred for Wil Wheaton .
It might also interest you to know that Wil Wheaton currently ranks sixth on my all time enemies list , right between director Joel Schumacher , who nearly destroyed the Batman movie franchise , and Billy Sparks , who lived down the street from me and put dog poop on the handles of my bicycle .
In the words of Khan Noonien Singh in the immortal wrath of Khan , he tasks me , he tasks me and I shall have him .
From hell is heart , I stab at thee .
My enchanted troll bludgeons your screaming harpy with a cursed mace . Game .
Look at him . Wil Wheaton , my old friend , I have chased you round the moons of Nibia and round the Antares maelstrom and round perdition is flames !
Silence ! How much longer must I wait for my revenge ?
So , my path to satisfaction is blocked by lonely Larry and Captain Sweatpants . Very well . They must be destroyed .
Silence !
I play my endless serpent . Raj will play ecstatic frenzy , which means Larry will have to play chaos overlord , then Captain Sweatpants , molten river . I play nightshade dryad , game , set and match . Now fetch me Wil Wheaton ! bortaS bIr jablu’DI’ reH QaQqu’ nay’
Underworld guardian . We skirmish to the death .
Luminescence spell .
Fire demon .
Three headed lion .
Brimstone .
You are holding two moderate spell cards , a small rock and a potion of Zancor , which will be about as much help as an air conditioner on the ice planet Hoth . Your only move is to play the potion , lose the skirmish , and two moves later , the game .
The year was 1995 , the place , Jackson , Mississippi . Having spent ten hours on a bus , during which I had to twice violate my personal rule against relieving myself on board a moving vehicle , I finally arrived at the fourth annual Dixie Trek convention only to find that my idol Wil Wheaton decided he had better things to do than to show up and sign my action figure .
You betrayed me , Wil Wheaton . Now I have my revenge .
Your mee maw died ? That is terrible .
No , no , I understand . Anything happened to my mee maw , I had be one inconsolable moon pie . I should clarify that statement by explaining that she calls me moon pie .
Oh , yes .
I ca not .
No . I came here to defeat Wil Wheaton , the man who destroyed my dreams . But I ca not defeat Wil Wheaton , the man who loved his mee maw . Enchanted bunny .
I… I… I do not understand . Your grandmother is alive ?
Excuse me . You are misusing the word ho . It is an interjection used to call attention to a destination , not an object , as in , uh , Land , ho ! Or , uh , Westward , ho !
Well , actually , the risk of throat cutting is very low . On the other hand , severe string burn is a real and ever Present danger .
I am sorry , I got bored and drifted off . Where exactly in the interaction did the sucking lie ?
Oh , that certainly would suck .
Focus , Leonard , focus ! The heat of battle is upon us , the dogs of war are unleashed .
You are embarrassing me right now , a grown man worrying about such nonsense when in the middle of flying kites .
Sorry will not bring their kites down . Ow ! String burn ! String burn !
Victory !
Well , her actions could be out of concern for your feelings . Perhaps she is excluded you from these gatherings because she is scouting for a new mate and does not want to do it in front of you .
Agreed . Most primates do not show that sort of discretion . A female bonobo will copulate with a new male in front of the old one without so much as a how do you do ?
I am sorry , Raj , but the rules of aerial warfare dictate at the fallen kite go to the victor . And without rules , the competition has no meaning . And without meaning , the following would be an empty gesture .  I have your kite . I have your kite .
It is football nomenclature for when a quarterback is tackled behind the line of scrimmage .
The line of scrimmage is the imaginary transverse line separating the offence from the defence .
I grew up in Texas . Football is ubiquitous in Texas . Pro football , college football , high school football , peewee football , in fact , every form of football except the original , European football , which most Texans believe to be a Commie plot .
If you are interested , I also know all about frying meat that is not chicken as if it were chicken .
Football or chicken fried meats ?
If you want to blend in with Penny is friends , I had think looking like an idiot would be the perfect camouflage .
That is exactly what my father said . Come to the games , watch the games , week in and week out from the time I was five until I went off to college . Longest seven years of my life .
Are you making this a tier one friendship request ?
Fine .
Yeah , yeah . All right , Poindexter , sit down , shut up and listen .
That is how my father always began our football conversations . And if you had like , after the game , I will take you outside and teach you how to shoot close enough to a racoon that it craps itself .
When I have enough to destroy all the human toast on the battlestar known as Galactica . Is that what you are wearing to watch football at Penny is ?
Nothing . That , however , appears to be a football cocktail dress .
Oh , yes . Canine football fans are a common sight in Texas . Cats , however , refuse to wear sporting apparel . My sister found that out the hard way .
Leonard , wait . Am I correct in assuming that your attempt to be accepted by Penny is peers is based on your desire to ensure your continuing mating privileges with her ?
How would you put it ?
Huh . Seems like an awful lot of trouble to go through for intercourse . Do not you have access to women who will do it for money ? By the way , another accepted usage for the term ho .
Hold on I believe that social convention dictate you not arrive empty Handed . Would you like to bring some Cylon toast ?
What is funny about Cylon toast ?
Penny .  Penny .  Penny .
Thank you . I had like to make a sandwich , but I am out of bread .
You should not keep your bread in the refrigerator . Staleness is caused by crystallization of the starch molecules , which occurs faster at cool temperatures .
So Leonard , how goes the mimesis ?
You know . Mimesis . An action in which the mimic takes on the properties of a specific object or organism . Mimesis .
I am attempting to communicate with you without my meaning becoming apparent to those around you . Let me try again . Have the indigenous fauna accepted you as one of their own ? Nudge , nudge , wink , wink .
Good . Oh , FYI . After I eat my sandwich , I am taking Koothrappali is Patang kite out for a test run . Would you like to get your delta wing raptor and join me ?
I can see that . I was providing you with an alternative . A courtesy I was never offered in similar circumstances .
Oh , Research Lab is more than a game . It is like the slogan says , the physics is theoretical , but the fun is real .
Oh ! Great roll ! Now you can demolish your Soviet style cyclotron and build the large Hadron Collider .
You are a natural at this , Penny . And as the first beta testers , you two will have quite the edge when we play with Wolowitz and Koothrappali on Sunday .
Why not ?
Pay attention , Leonard . That is why she ca not play on Sunday .
Your turn , Leonard .
Roll the dice , Leonard .
Come on , Leonard , if you roll a six , Penny dies horribly in a nuclear meltdown . See what I mean when I say the fun is real ?
I will just roll for you .
Uh oh ! Industrial accident .
You accidentally stare at a helium argon laser . Lose one turn and a retina .
It is also your roll .
Has your relationship reached its inevitable ugly end ?
Look on the bright side . As the result of Penny is forfeit , you have become the world is first winner of Research Lab . Would you like a commemorative snow cone ?
Hey , I thought of a game we can play in the car .
It is called Scientists . Now , I will name three scientists , then you will put them in order of the size of their contribution to their respective fields . To make this game even more compelling , you must consider only the contribution of the man to the field , not the validity of the field itself . For example , Abu Musa Jabir ibn Hayn made a greater contribution to the discredited field of alchemy than Halbert Vanderplatt made to neurobiology . Okay , ready to have some fun ?
All right , I will start with an easy one , um , Isaac Newton , Madame Curie and Niels Bohr .
Hint , Madame Curie had her husband to help her .
Leonard ! Stop the car !
I ca not listen to the two of you fight anymore .
I believe my alarm is appropriate , given the situation . The movie starts in 17 minutes , which means we will need to make all the lights on Colorado Boulevard , plus skip the concession stand , and preshow urination .
Go , go , Power Rangers , go !
No , we are not . We are standing in the hallway , suffering through an awkward encounter .
All right , invitation pointlessly offered , invitation declined as expected , everyone is civil , nobody is fighting . Have a nice evening .
Leonard , when that woman moved in three years ago I told you not to talk to her , and now look , we are going to be late for the movies .
Got it .
Stop it , both of you . All this fighting , I might as well be back with my parents ! Damn it , George , I told you if you did not quit drinkin’ I had leave you ! Well , I guess that makes you a liar , ’cause I am drunk as hell and you are still here ! Stop yelling ! You are making Sheldon cry ! I will tell you what is making Sheldon cry ! That I let you name him Sheldon .
This is a restaurant . It is lunchtime . I would think , as a waitress , you had be familiar with the paradigm .
No , I believe Leonard is waiting for you to come crawling back to him and apologize .
I assumed that would be your attitude . Hence , my true purpose in coming here .
I want you to crawl back to him and apologize .
Excuse me , miss . I had like to order lunch .
I have a few questions . First , I notice that you offer soup and a half sandwich ?
Where exactly does the half sandwich come from ? Are you giving me half of someone else is sandwich , or do I have to wait for someone else in the restaurant to order the other half ?
You ca not make a half sandwich . If it is not half of a whole sandwich , it is just a small sandwich .
Of course not . I will have my usual .
Are not you going to ask me if I want a beverage ?
Yes .
Yes .
Yes , I want you to apologize to Leonard .
Irrelevant . The disruption in your relationship is making my life intolerable .
I do not follow .
All right , let is assume , ad argumentum , that in this case , Leonard is wrong .
Considering the number of transgressions you have committed that he is overlooked , do not you think that , just this once , you could return the favour ?
Were you under the impression that Leonard has no complaints about you ?
Your driving , the plethora of stuffed animals on your bed that stare at him during your amorous activities , your constant tardiness , your singing .
That is actually from my list , but Leonard would be a fool if he did not agree with it .
Because , according to him , you are oversensitive and have a temper .
And she wonders why she is constantly undertipped .
Oh , good , you are home . I need you to do me a favour .
Go apologize to Penny .
Right now would be good .
Although , a few minutes ago would have been better .
Do not flatter yourself . I am just ignoring you .
I have heard that before , but then , the next thing you know I am hiding in my bedroom , blaring a Richard Feinman lecture while my mom is shouting that Jesus would forgive her if she put ground glass in my dad is meatloaf , and my dad is on the roof skeet shooting her Franklin Mint collectible plates .
Really ? Where is your friend Justin going to sleep ?
I want that one .
Can I get this comic book , too ?
Sheldon is log , stardate 63345 .3 . While my colleagues are off observing the Leonid meteor shower , I have remained behind to complete my paper on the decays of highly excited massive string states . Although my research is going well I do miss the warmth of human companionship .
I need to go , but you keep in mind that my sharply worded comments on yelp .com recently took down a local muffin store .  Penny .  Penny .  Penny . .
Penny ?
Penny .  Penny .  Penny . .
Shall I come back at a better time ?
Hello .
Not surprising . You have no safety mat or adhesive stickers to allow for purchase on a surface with a low coefficient of static friction .
Tubs are slippery .
I have a series of whimsical duck stickers on the bottom of my tub .
They are holding umbrellas .
The ducks in my tub .
They are whimsical because ducks have neither the need for , nor the ability to use umbrellas .
Well , assuming you are correct that your right humerus is no longer seated in the glenoid socket , I would certainly think so .
I do not drive .
Well , it seems we have reached an impasse .
But I could call you a cab or an ambulance .
All right . Let it never be said that Sheldon Lee Cooper ignored the pleas of a damsel in distress .
Well , it does seem rather ironic that for want of 99 cent adhesive ducks , we both might die in a fiery car crash .
I see no organizational system in here whatsoever . Which panties do you wear on Mondays ?
My mother always told me one should wear clean underpants in case one is in an accident .
That does not mean one will not be in another , especially if I am driving .
Okay , here .
All right .
We should have you checked for a concussion .
All right .
Do not look ?
Oh . Well , that is understandable . You may be interested to know that a prohibition against looking is well established in heroic mythology . Uh , Lot and his wife , Perseus and Medusa , Orpheus and Eurydice .
They always look . It never ends well .
Ok .
It does not feel like an arm .
All righty .
For the record , I should let you know this is my first time driving an actual motor vehicle .
Yes , and I have logged a considerable number of hours on a simulator .
Did not work out well .
One moment . According to my driver is ed book , a side mirror is properly adjusted when a portion of the is driver is door handle is visible in the lower right corner . There is the handle . Oh , no , too far , bringing it back . Optimized . Now , where is the switch to adjust the passenger side mirror ?
Where is the passenger side mirror ?
Yes . As soon as I adjust my seat . Whee ! Oh , dear . I am going to have to start again .
Oh , I think we are going sufficiently fast . What is that ?
That ca not be nothing , the check engine light is on . We need to find a service station .
All the more reason to consult with a mechanic before it explodes .
Mr . Spock did not pilot the Enterprise . He was the science officer , and I guarantee you that if he ever saw the Enterprise is check engine light blinking , he would pull the ship over immediately .
Oh , oh , red light , release accelerator and slowly apply the brake . Nailed it . While we have a moment , may I ask you a question ?
Why do you have the Chinese character for soup tattooed on your right buttock ?
No , it is not . But I suppose it does take courage to demonstrate that kind of commitment to soup .
Sorry . As I told you , the hero always peeks .
All right , there is no need to bark at me . According to the inexplicably irritable nurse behind the desk , you will be seen after the man who claims to be having a heart attack , but appears to be well enough to play Doodle Jump on his iPhone . We have to fill these out . Describe illness or injury .
All right . And how did the accident occur ?
Cause of accident , lack of adhesive ducks . Okay , medical history . Have you ever been diagnosed with diabetes ?
Kidney disease ?
Migraines ?
Are you currently pregnant ?
Are you sure ? You look a bit puffy .
When was your last menstrual period ?
I will put , in progress . Okay , moving to psychiatric disorders , list all major behavioural diagnoses , e .g . depression , anxiety , etcetera .
Episodes of sub psychotic rage .
Possible Tourette is . All right , moles , lesions or other skin conditions . Soup tattoo on right buttock .
I am sorry . There , there . Everything is going to be fine . Sheldon is here .
Now remember , you were given powerful pain medication and a muscle relaxer , so , uh , do not operate heavy machinery . Try not to choke on your own drool .
Yes . The charm of your drug addled candour knows no bounds .
That is a fairly laboured metaphor , but I appreciate the sentiment behind it .
“Soft Kitty” is for when you are sick . You are not sick .
I see . Now , are we talking date , the social interaction , or date , the dried fruit ?
Oh , good , my turn . Well , this is very exciting and I wanted you to be among the first to know…
Thank you , Kripke , for depriving me of the opportunity to share my news with my friends .
My thank you was not sincere .
Why are you such a stupid head ? That is also rhetorical . I am sorry you had to hear that .
Yes , they are interviewing me by phone from my office , regarding the recent so called discovery of magnetic monopoles in spin ices . It is pledge week and they are trying to goose the ratings with a little controversy .
Thank you . My mother is very excited . She is convening her Bible study group to listen in , and then pray for my soul .
Yes . Look this over and tell me what is unclear to you .
Hello .
Excuse me , may I interject ?
Biologically speaking , Howard is perfectly justified in seeking out the optimum mate for the propagation of his genetic line .
Now , whether that propagation is in the interest of humanity is , of course , an entirely different question .
My pleasure , Ira .
Of course . First , consider an ordinary magnet which has ,  as even the most uneducated in your audience must know , two poles ,  a north and south pole . If you cut that in half , you have two smaller magnets , each with its own north and south pole .
I was humiliated on national radio . How do you think I am doing ?
What do you want ?
It was not funny .
Did you laugh ?
I refuse to sink to his level .
I never admit defeat .
However , on an unrelated topic , I am never getting out of this bed again .
Well , I suppose I could poison Kripke .
It is a simple matter . There are several toxic chemicals that had be untraceable in an autopsy .
Oh ! How about we put awhoopee cushion on his office chair ? He will sit down , it will sound like he is flatulent , even though he is not .
All right , how is this for revenge ? A solution of hydrogen peroxide , and one of saturated potassium iodide .
Mountain Dew . Ah , refreshing . Now , we are going to combine these chemicals with ordinary dish soap , creating a little exothermic release of oxygen .
Yes , exactly .
Already taken care of . Observe . This is a live shot of Kripke is lab via a mini webcam I was able to install , thanks to a dollar bill discreetly placed in the night janitor is shirt pocket . At the same time , I also secured large quantities of these chemicals above the tiles in the drop ceiling .
You flatter me , sir .
The reaction will be triggered when Kripke reaches the center of the room . Mwah , ha , ha .
It may be low tech , but I still maintain the whoopee cushion has comic validity .
There is no abort .
I made a boo boo , all right ?
Leonard , she is doing it again .
No . It upsets Sheldon when she willy nilly takes it from the containers without regard for its equitable distribution . This is essentially why you have famine in India .
Leonard .
Hello .
Wait , no , that is a false equivalency . More does not equal merry . If there were 2 ,000 people in this apartment right now , would we be celebrating ? No , we had be suffocating .
Do not Sheldon me . We ordered for five people , not six .
Oh , sure . And while we are at it , why do not we put our hands behind our backs , have an old fashioned eating contest ?
Perhaps there is hope for you after all .
My mother was right . Hell is real .
Yes . Leonard is work is nearly as amazing as third graders growing lima beans in wet paper towels .  While I appreciate the oh , snap , I am uncomfortable having your moist breath in my ear .
Howard ?
Your shoes are delightful . Where did you get them ?
Bazinga . I do not care .
That is not fair . I got stuck behind a tree .
Just need a little more practice .
It is not about shoes , is it ? I do not think I could go through that again .
Then speak .
All right .  Go away . I agree , it is rude , but she asked for privacy .
A little physics ? There is no such thing . Physics encompasses the entire universe , from quantum particles to supernovas , from spinning electrons to spinning galaxies .
Why ca not Leonard teach you ?
Ca not you surprise him in some other way ? For example , I am sure he had be delightfully taken aback if you cleaned your apartment .
Penny , this would be a massive undertaking , and my time is both limited and valuable .
Okay , point . What sort of foundation do you have ? Did you take any science classes in school ?
The one with the frogs .
I am sorry , Penny , I do not think so .
Interesting . I suppose if someone could teach sign language to KoKo the gorilla , I could teach you some rudimentary physics .
Not likely . KoKo learned to understand over 2 ,000 words , not one of which had anything to do with shoes .
Research journal , entry one . I am about to embark on one of the great challenges of my scientific career , teaching Penny physics . I am calling it Project Gorilla .
Come in . Take a seat . Subject has arrived . I have extended a friendly casual greeting .
One moment . Subject appears well rested and enthusiastic . Apparently , ignorance is bliss . All right , let us begin . Where is your notebook ?
How are you going to take notes without a notebook ?
How else are you gonna study for the tests ?
Tests . Here . It is college ruled . I hope that is not too intimidating .
You are welcome . Now , Introduction to Physics . What is physics ? Physics comes from the ancient Greek word physika . It is at this point that you will want to start taking notes . Physika means the science of natural things . And it is there , in ancient Greece , that our story begins .
Hush . If you have questions , raise your hand . It is a warm summer evening , circa 600 BC , you have finished your shopping at the local market , or agora , and you look up at the night sky . There you notice some of the stars seem to move , so you name them planetes , or wanderer . Yes , Penny ?
This is the beginning of a twenty six hundred year journey we are going to take together from the ancient Greeks through Isaac Newton to Niels Bohr to Erwin Schrodinger to the Dutch researchers that Leonard is currently ripping off .
Yeah , give or take . As I was saying , it is a warm summer evening in ancient Greece… Yes , Penny ?
Ca not you hold it ?
Project Gorilla , entry two . I am exhausted .
Now , remember , Newton realized that Aristotle was wrong and force was not necessary to maintain motion . So let is plug in our 9 .8 meters per second squared as A and we get force , Earth gravity , equals mass times 9 .8 meters per second per second . So we can see that MA equals MG and what do we know from this ?
No , Fig Newtons are named after a small town in Massachusetts . Do not write that down !
Now , if MA equals MG what does that imply ?
How can you not know ? I just told you . Have you suffered a recent blow to the head ?
I am sorry .  Have you suffered a recent blow to the head ?
Really ? Of those two explanations , which one seems the most likely ?
All right . It is a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Okay ! At what point did you begin to feel lost ?
Greece .
There is no need to get frustrated , people learn at different rates . Unlike objects falling in a vacuum , which… ? MA equals MG ?
No .
No .
Oh !
Why are you crying ?
That is no reason to cry . One cries because one is sad . For example , I cry because others are stupid and it makes me sad .
All right . Leonard is attempting to learn why sub atomic particles move the way they do .
It is not . That is why Leonard does it .
A good question .
And to answer it , we first must ask ourselves , what is physics ?
It is a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Tears seem appropriate . Enlargement of the heart muscle , or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , is a serious disease which could lead to congestive heart failure .
No , on the contrary . I found the Grinch to be a relatable , engaging character , and I was really with him right up to the point that he succumbed to social convention and returned the presents and saved Christmas . What a buzz kill that was .
Excuse me , but the sun is essential for all life on Earth . Frosty is merely a bit of frozen supernatural ephemera in a stolen hat . A crime , by the way , for which he is never brought to account .
Oh , yes . We had a tree , we had a manger , we had an inflatable Santa Claus with plastic reindeer on the front lawn . And to make things even more jolly , there were so many blinking lights on the house they induced neighbourhood wide seizures .
I do not . But if you insist on decorating a spider infested fire hazard in my home I would request that you add this .
You are kidding , right ? It is a bust of Sir Isaac Newton .
Wait , excuse me , but it is much more Christmassy than anything you have put on the tree .
December 25 , 1642 , Julian calendar , Sir Isaac Newton is born . Jesus , on the other hand , was actually born in the summer . His birthday was moved to coincide with a traditional pagan holiday that celebrated the winter solstice with lit fires and slaughtered goats . Which , frankly , sounds like more fun than 12 hours of church with my mother followed by a fruitcake .
I sense that is not sincere , although I have no idea why .
No . Isaac goes at the top of the tree .
I understand . You dispute Newton is claim that he invented calculus and you want to put Gottfried Leibniz on the top .
Well , perhaps when your mother gets here , she will talk some sense into you .
If I can interject here , obviously Leonard is concerned that his mother will not approve of you as his mate .
If I can interject again . Leonard comes from a remarkably high achieving family , who have all chosen high achieving partners . He probably feels that it is doubtful that his mother will be overly impressed with his dating a woman whose most significant achievement is memorizing the Cheesecake Factory menu .
Leonard , I am no expert on meditation , but if you are trying to calm yourself down , I believe the word is Om .
No trouble at all .
My pleasure . For a non physicist , you have a remarkable grasp of how electric dipoles in the brain is water molecules could not possibly form a Bose condensate .
August 16th . Right after her carpal tunnel surgery .
You did .
Neither do I , but it is the social convention .
It is what we think caused your narcissistic personality disorder . We discussed it at length during our last video chat . Although how we got onto the subject of you is baffling .
My bad . I did send a gift from both of us .
Well , I am not sure about interesting , but…
Very well . Shall we switch topics to Isaac Newton v . Gottfried Leibniz ?
Is not she brilliant , Leonard ? How I envy you .
September 22nd .
She was old and blind , Leonard . What choice did we have ?
Leonard ?  Leonard ?  Leonard ?
I made tea .
I did not make tea for you . This is my tea .
It is a conversation starter .
Oh , is it ? We are conversing . Checkmate .
What I want is to be departing the Starship Enterprise in a one man shuttle craft headed to the planetoid I rule known as Sheldon Alpha Five .
To comfort you , of course . No , that is not going to work at all , I will comfort you from over here . Leonard , what you are experiencing is a classic Jungian crisis in which the aging individual mourns the loss of the never to be realized ideal family unit .
That is not the comforting part .
No , no . The comforting part is that the Germans have a term for what you are feeling . Weltschmerz . It means the depression that arises from comparing the world as it is to a hypothetical , idealized world .
Well , the Germans have always been a comforting people . Just remember , Leonard , where your biological family has failed you , you always have me , your surrogate family .
If it is any consolation , I am not happy about it either . Good night .
Why is Leonard softly banging his head against his bedroom door ?
You are very welcome .
I do not blame you . You were intoxicated .
I blame Penny .
Agreed .
I do not understand . What other kind of women are there ?
Detailed analysis posted online .
It is great , is not it ? We have a wonderful evening ahead of us .
Oh , yes . I just discovered I do not have enough room on my hard drive for a Linux partition , so you and I are going to perform a full backup , reinitialize and then reinstall all my operating systems .
All right . Well , I am going to perform full backup , reinitialize and then reinstall all my operating systems .
Well , I understand there are several types of artificial women . Maybe you should look into that .
I am sorry , Raj , I have no desire to salute any article of clothing tonight . Much less one that is linked to race riots in the 1940s .
The zoot suit riots .
I do not need anything at the Galleria . Do you need anything at the Galleria ?
That is a semantically null sentence .
Well , that is certainly amusing , but I have no interest .
If outside is so good , why has mankind spent thousands of years trying to perfect inside ?
Let me offer you a compromise . Sometimes when I feel stifled and want a change of scenery , I use my imagination .
One of my favourite places to visit is the two dimensional world described in Edwin Abbott is mathematical fantasy , Flatland .
You are only saying that because you have not been there . I am now a hexagon in two dimensional space and can only perceive the edges of other objects .
Is that you , Raj ? I do not recognize your edge .
Well , you are in luck , there is a mixer here in Flatland . Oh , look , there is a sexually attractive line segment , you should chat her up .
Tell her you are a circle , Flatland gals are all hot for circles .
Thanks for giving me your limited edition Green Lantern lantern .
What if evil strikes and my power ring runs low ?
I do not drink .
I would like a root beer float .
They do not ? Well , apparently , these people and I differ greatly on the definition of party .
And do not be chintzy with the Shirley .
All right . There is a female .
But she is female . Is not that the game ?
Oh , yes . So , the point of this exercise is for you to find someone to copulate with ?
Thank you . And what is my function as wingman ?
Okay . What is your game ?
When I lie through my teeth to a woman , you nod and agree .
It is a limited edition Green Lantern lantern . My friend is looking for someone to copulate with .
I am Sheldon . How do you do ?
I thought your father was a gynaecologist . I am sorry .
Hello .
In brightest day , in darkest night , no evil shall escape my sight .
Thank you . Have you chosen one to copulate with ?
We scored . I am the wingman .
The dog… koira . The roof… katto . Grapes… ryp leet .  One minute . Sis  n .
It means come in . It is taking forever to load the new operating system on my computer . I disinfected the kitchen and the bathroom , and now I thought I had learn Finnish .
I do not say anything . I merely offer you a facial expression that suggests you have gone insane .
Yes , exactly , I had a great time . That is done , I have moved on to other things . For example , after I learn Finnish , I am not going to learn Finnish again .
Raj , I highly doubt there is any argument you can make , threat you might levy , rhetorical strategy , plea , invocation , supplication , or… vetoomus that you can employ that would convince me to reconsider .
Oh , my . I have admired these for years .
Hulk agree to second date with puny humans !
Hulk sad .
You know , I had never considered that . Wow , that is going to completely change my visits there . Well , it is late .
Time for bed .
Good night , puny human !  .
Yes ?
Oh , dear Lord , they re did the menu .
Oh , is it ? Look at this . General Tso is Chicken is no longer listed under specialties . It is now under chicken .
Yes , General Tso .
So , why is it no longer a specialty ? Did the chef lose confidence in the dish or himself ? And look over here , shrimp in mobster sauce . What is mobster sauce ?
Perhaps . Perhaps this restaurant is now a front for organized crime . For all we know , the mobster sauce contains actual chunks of deceased mobsters .
Good idea . We will go to Corleone is .
It was listed under seafood .
Leonard , are we having a serious conversation or not ?
The TV is gone .
Oh God , oh God , oh , God ! It is all right . They did not take my comic books .
Right , games . They took Halo 1 , Halo 2 , Halo 3 , Call of Duty 1 , Call of Duty 2 , Call of Duty 3 , Rock Band , Rock Band 2 , Final Fantasy 1 thru 9 , The Legend of Zelda , The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time , The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess , Super Mario Brothers , Super Mario Galaxy , Mario and Sonic at the Winter Olympics and Ms . Pacman .
When does the CSI team get here ?
In anticipation of their arrival , I have bagged some evidence . One of the thieves had the audacity to quench his thirst while ransacking our home . You should be able to pull some good prints off this . And now , here are my prints so you can rule me out as a suspect .
I am sorry , Leonard . It is too early to discount the possibility of this being an inside job .
I am not crazy . My mother had me tested .
I am sorry , that is the end of your inquiry ?
Oh , my goodness . Where do I begin ? For instance , my laptop contained four out of the five gedanken experiments necessary for a cogent restatement of the quantum measurement problem .
Well , they could monitor scientific publications and see if anyone posts such a cogent restatement in the next couple of months . If so , the authors are most likely in possession of my stolen laptop .
The only thing we can do . Watch TV on our phones until the criminals return and bludgeon us to death in our sleep .
Oh , how I wish I could .
Leonard and Penny .  Leonard and Penny .  Leonard and Penny .
We just had a major crime in the building , and you open the door without asking who it is ?
Nothing . Just wanted to see if you were both okay .
All right , then . Good night .
Leonard and Penny .  Leonard and Penny .  Leonard and Penny .
Sheldon . Sheldon Cooper .
May I come in ?
I see you are drinking wine .
Uh huh .
Oh , as small as Leonard is , I do not think the two of you had be comfortable on the couch .
It is not what I want , it is what evolution wants . Human beings are primates . Primates have evolved to live in groups , both for protection and support .
I do tonight . It is scary over there .
Good Lord , I could not have made this easier . Hydrogen atom , H , plus pigs minus pea , Higgs . Bow , General Zod trapped in the Phantom Zone . Bow zone . Pear . Tickle . Pear tickle . Higgs Boson Particle . How could you not get that ?
All right . I will take the first watch and wake you at 0400 .
Bad idea .
Listen to her , Jim .
Leonard and Penny !  Leonard and Penny !  Leonard and Penny !
What if they cut the power ?
What if someone steals my keys ?
What if someone kidnaps me , forces me to record my voice , and then cuts off my thumb ?
Wonderful security system if we are attacked by a school of tuna .
Better .
I heard a noise .
Why would you knock over a lamp ?
Oh ! No , she is right , I do not need to know what you were doing . Carry on .
Good thinking . Perhaps I will check the perimeter and make some warm milk .
Would you like me to bring you some warm milk ?
And you do not wish to alarm me with any more loud noises , very thoughtful . Warm milk , Penny ?
Fine . Good night to you , sir . Miss .
I am fine . Although I am no longer the master of my own bladder .
Our apartment was broken into , our security system tried to kill me , and as a result , I am leaving Pasadena forever . Tell me how that is overreacting .
Oh , if that were only true . Unfortunately , as I am earthbound for the foreseeable future , I need to find a location that is more hospitable than the mean streets of Pasadena . Like Enid , Oklahoma . Low crime rate and high speed Internet connectivity , but no model train shops . Sorry , Enid .
All right . Boone , North Carolina . Every summer since 1952 , Boone has hosted an outdoor amphitheater portrayal of the life and times of its namesake , Dan’l Boone . Sounds like something that would attract the wrong crowd . Penny , you are from Nebraska , correct ?
I sense you are making a joke , but Bozeman does have a comedy club called The Loony Bin , so do not forward my mail there .
I am moving on . I am going to be a Bozite .
They should . It is one of the first things I plan to bring up upon arrival .
Please , Penny , as you know , I am not comfortable with prolonged good byes and maudlin displays of emotion , so I prepared a short video .
Thank you , fellow Bozite . And may I say , you are the living embodiment of all the promises made by our lovely town is Chamber of Commerce .  Wait ! Wait ! Excuse me !  One ticket to Pasadena , California , please .
I am attempting to view my work as a fleeting peripheral image so as to engage the superior colliculus of my brain .
Is it morning ?
Then I have been up all night .
Why else would a person try to engage their superior colliculus ?
Captain Hook is hand was eaten by a crocodile , not an alligator . If you are going to mock me , at least get your facts straight .
I ca not see it ! It just will not coalesce .
You are right .  It is a great idea , Leonard . Thank you .
Unit cell contains two carbon atoms . Interior angle of a hexagon is 120 degrees .
Structure , constant structure . One atom…
Pattern is the same as fermions , travels on the pathways , hexagonal , it is always hexagonal…
Not lima beans , carbon atoms .
Peas ! Perfect , they can be electrons .
Do not be ridiculous . What would I do with corn ?
The plural of coccyx is coccyges .
Good Lord ! You are ruining everything !
The same thing I have been doing for three days . Trying to figure out why electrons behave as if they have no mass when travelling through a graphene sheet .
Well , I needed something bigger than peas , now , did not I ?
I do not know , two , three days . Not important . I do not need sleep , I need answers . I need to determine where in this swamp of unbalanced formulas squatteth the toad of truth .
They lose their sensitivity to serotonin and norepinephrine .
Impaired cognitive function .
But I do not want to go to bed .
Oh , all right .
Size ratio was all wrong . Could not visualize it . Needed bigger carbon atoms .
Back door has a five pin tumbler system , single circuit alarm . Child is play . You can start sorting protons and neutrons while I build carbon atoms .
But I am still working .
You can try , but you will never catch me .
Leonard and Penny .
I have good news .
Your cell phone was off .
And that did not work out , did it ?
I came to tell you I have got the answer .
No , no , I am still hopelessly stuck on that , but I figured out how to figure it out .
Einstein .
Albert Einstein .
When Albert Einstein came up with special relativity , he was working at the patent office .
Do not be absurd . That is in Washington . You know I could never live in a city whose streets are laid out in a wheel and spoke pattern . No . I am going to find a similarly menial job where my basal ganglia are occupied with a routine task , freeing my prefrontal cortex to work quietly in the background on my problem .
Of course it is . Even talking to you is sufficiently menial that I can feel the proverbial juices starting to flow .
You are welcome . Good night to you , too . Oh , by the way , I was watching you sleep for a moment , and I noticed that your snoring seems to be worse when you are on your back .
No , I was not talking to Leonard .
A menial job . Like yours .
I do . For thousands of years , the lowest classes of the human race have spent their lives labouring to erect monuments under the lash of their betters , until finally they dropped down and became one with the dust through which they trudged . Do you have anything like that ?
Should not you check your database ?
You did not really type .
Oh , that would be good ! Sawing , hammering , eating out of a lunch pail as my working class fellows and I sit perched precariously on a girder high above the metropolis .
I could do that .
One question .
What is sheetrock ?
That seems acceptable .
I do not drive .
Senior theoretical particle physicist at CalTech , focusing on M theory , or , in layman is terms , string theory .
I am trying to get these tables cleared . We are slammed .
A reasonable question . I asked myself , what is the most mind numbing , pedestrian job conceivable , and three answers came to mind , uh , toll booth attendant , an Apple Store genius , and what Penny does . Now , since I do not like touching other people is coins , and I refuse to contribute to the devaluation of the word genius , here I am .
Oh , heavens , no . Since I do not need to be paid , I did not need to be hired . I simply came in , picked up a tray , and started working for the man . Let me get that plate out of your way .
Is it ? Just a moment ago I had a minor epiphany regarding the polymer degradation phenomenon while scraping congealed nachos off a plate . Bernadette , table 10 wants their check .
You are right . That is more menial . Hello , I am Sheldon . I will be your server today . I do not recommend the salmon . I saw it in the kitchen .
Yes .
Of course .
Nope .
Yep .
I do .
I am sorry . I do not work here .
Actually , he might have to . There is an economic concept known as a positional good in which an object is only valued by the possessor because it is not possessed by others . The term was coined in 1976 by economist Fred Hirsch to replace the more colloquial , but less precise neener neener .
In pre 1976 terms , neener neener .
Given that Saint Valentine was a third century Roman priest who was stoned and beheaded , would not a more appropriate celebration of the evening be taking one is steady gal to witness a brutal murder ?
Professor Norton , although , God knows why . He has not published anything of note since he won that Nobel Prize .
In Switzerland or with the big boobed weather girl ?
This is incredible ! I am so happy , I am not even going to question their judgment in picking you . I am just going to run home and start packing .
Of course , my good friend . Come in . Help me out , which ski hat says après supercollider ?
Well , of course you are . Who else would you take ?
What ? That is absurd . Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research .
But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research .
Sorry ? I have been dreaming about going to the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine years old .
Shame on you ! That is no dream for a scientist !
Not so fast . You might want to hold off on lighting your rabeliechtli , Penny .
Rabeliechtli . It means turnip light and refers to a traditional lantern hand carved from a root vegetable and used to celebrate certain Swiss festivals . Which you will not be celebrating because , A , these festivals occur in the fall , and B , you will not be going to Switzerland .
Afraid not . Do you recognize this ?
Indeed , the roommate agreement . I call your attention to the Friendship Rider in Appendix C , Future Commitments . Number 37 , in the event one friend is ever invited to visit the Large Hadron Collider , now under construction in Switzerland , he shall invite the other friend to accompany him .
He ca not kill me , even if I turn .
No , that seemed a little farfetched .
I have lived up to all my commitments under the agreement . At least once a day I ask how you are , even though I simply do not care . I no longer stage spontaneous biohazard drills after 10 pm And I abandoned my goal to master Tuvan throat singing .
Is that your final decision ?
Very well .
All right . This game is called Traitors . I will name three historical figures , you put them in order of the heinousness of their betrayal . Benedict Arnold , Judas , Dr . Leonard Hofstadter .
You are right . Judas had the decency to hang himself after what he did .
Round two , Leonard Hofstadter , Darth Vader , Rupert Murdoch .
He owns Fox , and they cancelled Firefly . Hint , he and Darth Vader are tied for number 2 .
Morning , old chum .
I have made you breakfast . Juice , coffee , and pancakes in the shape of some of your favorite fictional characters . See , here is Frodo .
Yeah , I used coconut shavings to do the hair on his feet . If you need to void your bladder before eating , I can keep them warm with this beret that I thoroughly laundered and pressed into service as a pancake cosy .
It is by way of an apology for my recent behaviour . I have had some time to reflect and I have come to realize that friendship is not an aggregation of written agreements . It is a result of two people respecting and caring for each other . Butterscotch scone ?
What you are tasting is respect and affection . And about a pound of Crisco . After you have finished breakfast , I thought we could spend the day watching the final season of Babylon 5 with director commentary .
I do . It fails as drama , science fiction , and it is hopelessly derivative . But you like it , and you are my friend .
Drat . No Frodo for you .
Alright , let is dispense with the friendly banter , I believe you know why I am here .
Yes , amusing . Extraordinary intelligence might well appear extraterrestrial to you , but let me be more specific . I believe you know why I am here in the laundry room .
Here we have a highly gifted researcher in the field of particle physics whose work has brought him to the precipice of forever changing mankind is understanding of the universe . AKA me . And here we have a waitress brushing her teeth with her finger . AKA you .
Please hold all questions to the end of the presentation . This is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Switzerland , the product of decades of planning and construction . It is a Mecca for physicists the world over . This is Bath and Body Works on Colorado Boulevard . They sell scented soaps and lotions , some of which contain glitter . Now , let is see if we can match the individual to the appropriate destination .
No , it is not . I have got five more slides .
Very well . Enjoy yourself . You are going to be in the presence of something that I have dreamed of seeing for decades . I just hope you will be able to appreciate the magnitude of where you are and what it represents .
You will ?
Since I rarely hug , I am relying on your expertise regarding duration .
Oh , good . Bye bye .
All right , my friend . Would you like some cholermus ?
Cholermus . It is a traditional Swiss breakfast dish . I am preparing my gastrointestinal system for the exotic cuisine of Switzerland .
Oh , but I am . Did not Penny tell you the good news ?
Yes , that good news .
Howard , could you lower the lights ? I have a short PowerPoint presentation .
That is a somewhat ambiguous response . Am I going or not ?
Really ?
Well then , you leave me no alternative . From this moment forward , we can be roommates , but we will no longer be friends .
I do not think you are fully aware of the ramifications here , Leonard .
With the friendship clause of our roommate agreement nullified you are no longer entitled to accompany me to go swimming at Bill Gates’ house should I be invited .
Great . I will start packing . In a minute .  Oh , look , it is the cholermus .
Chicken ?
With the little stars ?
Heated to 180 degrees ?
You do not have to be mean . I am sick .
Not my problem . I just do not understand how this happened to me . I am scrupulous about my hygiene . I regularly disinfect my hands , and I avoid contact with other people on general principle .
Did he finally write a sequel to his autobiography ? I am sure ages 79 through 87 were just action packed .
Oh , I do not want to know that ! How can I possibly discuss with Stan Lee the scientific foundations for interstellar flight on a silver surfboard when part of my brain will be scanning his face for signs of contagious skin disease ?
Well , look who thinks he is Stuart is uncle now .
I have decided I am going to have Mr . Lee sign my copy of this month is Batman .
Yes , which is why no one else will ask him to sign one , and I will be the possessor of a unique , albeit confusing , artifact , which will set me apart from the hoi polloi of comic book fandom .
What is it about the word unique you do not understand ?
There is Nporin and Band Aids in my top desk drawer .
Yeah , but the ones in my pocket are mine .
Because most of the things I am planning to buy have not been invented yet .
I do not trust banks . I believe that when the robots rise up , ATMs will lead the charge .
Undoubtedly yet another snide response to my repeated letters complaining that the flags in front of the courthouse are flying in the wrong order . From left to right , it is supposed to be federal , state , and then city of Pasadena .
It bothers me .
A summons for what ?
November 16 ? Penny , that is the evening you fell in your bathtub and I had to drive you to the emergency room .
Yes , it is .
Penny , I have an eidetic memory . Also , that is a picture of you in the passenger seat holding your dislocated shoulder .
Okay , then why is a summons for a traffic violation committed in your car , bearing your license plates , coming to me ?
So you betrayed me ?
But the only reason I was driving your car was because you were in distress and I was rescuing you .
I am not going to pay a fine . That would imply I am guilty .
I am not guilty . I only have a learner is permit , Penny was the teacher . When the light turned yellow she said go , go , go , so I went , went , went .
You do not need to reimburse me because I am not paying . On Thursday , I will have my day in court and justice will be done . In fact , I am going to begin preparing my defence right now .
Now you see what you have done ? Because of you , we are all going to miss Stan Lee .
Well , you are my friends . You will be standing by my side , supporting me , feeding me legal precedents , and if you had the upper body strength , carrying me out on your shoulders when I am victorious .
Are you saying that you will not stand beside me as I plead my case ?
Howard ?
Raj ? You will be there , will not you ?  All right , then , my so called friends have forsaken me . So , I guess it will just be me and my eyewitness .
Please try to wear something appropriate . It will not help my case if the judge is busy trying to read the word Juicy scrawled across your buttocks .
That is just wrong .
Wait , hold on . Before we get to the courthouse , I had like to call on your skills as an actress .
I have taken the liberty of scripting your appearance on the witness stand because , let is face it , you are somewhat of a loose cannon . Now , do not worry , it is written in your vernacular . So shall we rehearse ?
Well , of course you have a choice . Although we live in a deterministic universe , each individual has free will . Now , sit down . I call your attention to the events of November 16 . Do you remember that date ?
Excellent . Go on .
And who performed that heroic act ?
There is no need for compliments , this court is only interested in the facts .
Only a suggestion . A catch in your throat would work just as well .
Maybe you should put on your Juicy pants again .
Good morning , Your Honour . Dr . Sheldon Cooper appearing in pro se . That is to say , representing himself .
And yet you wound up in traffic court . Anyway , if it would please the court , I had like to begin with an opening statement .
Very well , a quick opening statement . Like a milking stool , my case rests on three legs . I will demonstrate that I was improperly instructed in driving by a woman whose lack of respect for society borders on the sociopathic . I will argue that the emergency met the legal doctrine of quod est necessarium est licitum , that which is necessary is legal . But first , I will raise a Sixth Amendment issue . I am unable to confront my accuser , a non human entity , to wit , a camera . So , to sum up , improper instruction , quod est necessarium est licitum , Sixth Amendment . My milk stool is complete .
Thank you .
I object . You are completely ignoring the law .
Really ? I would point out that I am at the top of my profession , while you preside over the kiddy table of yours .
I am a scientist . I never apologize for the truth .
Excuse me ? Excuse me , jailor ?
I need to use the restroom .
That is the toilet ?
Please tell the judge I am ready to apologize .
You know very well how it went .
I was found guilty and fined $533 .
I also now have three points on a driver is licence I do not yet possess , and I was forced to issue an undeserved apology , simply because I refuse to urinate in a stainless steel bowl in front of criminals .
You had gelato with Stan Lee ?
Well , I hope you are satisfied , Penny . You are responsible for all the evil that has befallen me today .
Not finished . It is because of you that I now have a criminal record , and it is because of you that I missed out on having gelato with Stan Lee .
No , no . I will never have another chance to have gelato with Stan Lee because opportunities to have gelato with Stan Lee come but once in a lifetime . The moving finger writes , and having writ , moves on !
This is Stan Lee is front door . We were on Stan Lee is curb , then we were on Stan Lee is walk , and now we are at Stan Lee is front door .
Oh , Lord , you just rang Stan Lee is doorbell . At Stan Lee is house . We are about to go in and have milk and cookies with Stan Lee .
We are not friends at the moment . Depends on how this goes .
You said we were invited .
Well , I am not much of a sports fan , but thank you .
I will tell you where I have been . You boys may have had gelato with Stan Lee and gotten autographed comics , but I saw the inside of his house and got an autographed application for a restraining order .
Well , it is very simple . In our ragtag band of scientists with nothing to lose , I am the smart one , Wolowitz is the funny one , and Koothrappali is the lovable foreigner who struggles to understand our ways and fails . That leaves you , by default , as the muscle .
Of course not . And , technically , magic beans would be food , although eating them would be quite a waste , since you could plant them and overnight have a giant beanstalk , which would provide enough roughage for a small city .
Who is Adam West ? Leonard , what do the two of you talk about after the coitus ?
No , what is sad is that you do not know Adam West was TV is Batman .
Fascinating .
It appears to be a Lord of the Rings ring .
It is not Elvish . It is the language of Mordor written in Elvish script . One Ring to
Yes , there is . Oh , here is a fun fact , ketchup started out as a general term for sauce , typically made of , uh , mushrooms or fish brine with herbs and spices . Some popular early main ingredients included blueberry , anchovy , oyster , kidney bean and grape .
If you are suggesting that that is the actual ring of power forged by Sauron in Mount Doom , I look at you with an expression of exhaustion and ever so slight amusement .
Well , yes , but I found it in the box , and the laws of maritime salvage clearly state that the finder of a sunken treasure is the owner of the treasure .
Other than the lack of water , how is it not ?
We ca not sell it . We have to keep it and love it and polish it , and only take it out occasionally when we go to the park and re enact our favourite scenes from the movies .
You mean my ring ?
The ring was unguarded , it was just sitting on the table , anyone could have taken it . Proof ? I did .
I found it . The ring is mine . I do not understand why in this group I never get my way .
I will stipulate to that if you give me the ring .
Looking for something ?
It is not the first time . I have a twin sister whose assaults began in utero . If only I had had the presence of mind to reabsorb her , then I had have a mole with hair in it instead of a tedious yearly Christmas letter .
You mean this ring ? Next time be aware of your surroundings while urinating in a public men is room .
No , it is mine .
I would advise the three of you that resistance is futile . I have endless patience . I once spent two and a half hours on hold with Hewlett Packard customer service just to complain about their customer service .
Excellent , excellent . Tire each other out , the ring will be mine . Howard , why do not you go after Raj is mother ?
Go ahead . I have no illusions about my mother . She is a kind , loving , religiously fanatical right wing Texan with a slightly out of scale head and a mild Dr . Pepper addiction . Anything you had like to add ?
No ! I call no Meemaws .
I do not want to hear this .
Never .
Stop it !
I said stop it !
Waterfalls !
Waterfalls . Crashing waves . Babbling brooks .
Subliminal messaging . I am going to make you want to pee . Dripping faucets . Leaky gutter . Peeing .
Oh ho ho , it is working all right . I have to pee .
Wait , just to clarify . When you get to three , do we stand up or do we pee ?
Excellent choice .
I knew it . Give us the precious !
It amazes me how you constantly obsess over fictional details when there are more important things in the real world to worry about . For example , why was not William Shatner in the new Star Trek movie ?
And you want to rub my nose in the fact that my contributions are being overlooked again ? I am the William Shatner of theoretical physics . All right , I will play . What self important , preening fraud are they honouring this year ?
I won ?
I won ! This is astonishing . Not that I won the award , no one deserves it more . Actually , I guess I misspoke . It is not astonishing , more like inevitable . I am not sure what to do first . Maybe I should call my mother . Wait ! I know , I am going to conduct an interview with myself and post it online .
Hello ? Oh , Chancellor Morton , how are you , sir ? Yes , I was expecting your call  three years ago . I see . Wait . What happens if I choose not to give a speech ? Uh huh . And if I do not want to forfeit the award ? Well , you have got that tied up in a neat little bow . All right . Thank you .  Problem .
They expect me to give a speech at the banquet . I ca not give a speech .
I am perfectly comfortable speaking to small groups . I cannot speak to large crowds .
Any group big enough to trample me to death . General rule of thumb is 36 adults or 70 children .
I am not accepting the award .
Thank you . Yeah , I will bear that in mind if I am ever nominated for the Hillbilly Peace Prize .
Am I ? Let me tell you a story .
I was 14 and graduating summa cum laude from college . Summa cum laude is Latin for with highest honours .
I was valedictorian and expected to give an address . Even now , I can remember that moment when I walked up to the podium and looked out at the crowd . There must have been thousands of people . My heart started pounding in my chest . I began to hyperventilate . My vision became blurry , and before I knew it… oh , dear .
Do not trample me .
Am I in trouble ? Did my mother call you ?
Oh , I doubt that . I have not figured out a way , and I am much smarter than all of you .
Oh , I am sorry , that is what I meant .
I do like the X Men .
I do not know . If you are my X Men , what are your powers ?
That is not exactly a mutation that would get you into Xavier is School for Gifted Youngsters , but go on . Leonard ?
What qualifies you to attempt to understand my mind ?
I see . Well , I assume , since the rest of you have set the bar so low , you are saving the most impressive contribution for last . Go ahead , Howard . Dazzle me .
And I appreciate the pretence .
No . The X Men were named for the X in Charles Xavier . Since I am Sheldon Cooper , you will be my C Men .
And yet , you ca not speak to women .
Okay , but do not punch me .
When I was little , my sister would say to me , close your eyes , you will get a surprise , and then she had punch me .
That is what my sister used to say .
I am sorry . Proceed .
Sim City . More specifically , the Sim City I designed , Sheldonopolis .
Where exactly ? Sheldon Square ? Sheldon Towers ? Sheldon Stadium , home of the Fighting Sheldons ?
I thought this was supposed to be a guided meditation .
Really ? This time of year ? It is a bit nippy .
Suppose I could run downtown and pick up something at Shel Mart .
You know , the nice thing about Shel Mart is I own it , so I get a 15% discount .
Look , I did not turn a profit last quarter by taking product off the shelves willy nilly .
Hang on . It is a cardigan . I have to button it . Oh , no .
A Godzilla like monster is approaching the city . I have to get my people to safety . People of Sheldonopolis , this is your mayor . Follow me . If the children ca not run , leave them behind . Oh , the simulated horror !  Raj ? Just as I suspected . Meditation is nothing but hokum .
Do not you eventually realize you are just the same stressed out person in a cute top or a fun skirt ?
It is only one colour .
That is a lot of money for only one colour .
Hmm .  . This is pretty sharp .
In the prom department .
Says the former member of the Corn Queen is Court .
Okay . But anything I put on now is only going to suffer in comparison .  This is absurd . I look like a clown .
That is how you start a psychotherapy session ? How am I doing ? I was promised a riverboat journey into the jungles of my subconscious . Instead , I get the same question I hear from the lady who slices my bologna at Ralph is .
Would it be helpful to you if I told you about my dreams ?
I recently had a dream that I was a giant . But everything around me was to scale , so it all looked normal .
I was wearing size a million pants .
Ah , the talking cure . Classical Freudian , good choice . If it will help speed things along , uh , my answers to the standard Rorschach ink blot test are A , a bat , B , a bat , C , a bat , and D , my father killing my mother with a hypodermic needle .
Really , Leonard ? You are just going to try to recycle Adler is doctrine of the inferiority complex ? I could probably get that from the woman at Ralph is . And she had let me taste some pieces of cheese for free .
And how did that make you feel ?
Go on .
So , I hear you saying you are angry with your mother .
Thank you , Leonard .
If someone as damaged as you can find his way to crawl out of bed each morning , I think I can face a simple award ceremony .
Oh , dear .
I am getting dizzy .
I ca not do this . I am going to faint .
Alcohol ? I do not drink alcohol .
I do not feel different , this alcohol is defective .
I am ready .
Thanks , shorty ,I will take it from here . All right , you people ready to have some fun ? You have a basic understanding of differential calculus and at least one year of algebraic topology ? Well , then here come the jokes . Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip ? To get to the same side , bazinga ! All right , a neutron walks into a bar and asks , how much for a drink ? The bartender says , for you , no charge . Hello ? I know you are out there . I can hear you metabolizing oxygen and expelling carbon dioxide . Looks like we have some academic dignitaries in the audience . Dr . Randall from the geology department , only man who is happy when they take his work for granite . Ba da cha ! I kid the geologists , of course , but it is only ’cause I have no respect for the field . Let is get serious for a moment . Why are we all here ? ‘Cause we are scientists . And what do scientists study ? The universe . And what is the universe made of ? I am so glad you asked .  There is antimony , arsenic , aluminium , selenium , and hydrogen and oxygen and nitrogen and rhenium , and nickel , neodymium ,
Question one , where are my pants ?
What do I search ?
All right , people , let is get down to the math . It is only three dimensional thinking that limits our imagination . Can I take my pants off over my head ? Of course not . My body is in the way . But if we had access to higher dimensions , we could move our pants around our bodies through the fourth dimension and our days of dropping trousers would be over .
Oh , Lord , this could not be any more humiliating .
You are ignoring the square cube law . The giant ant would be crushed under the weight of its own exoskeleton . And for the record , the appropriate ranking of cool modes of transportation is jet pack , hoverboard , transporter , Batmobile , and then giant ant .
Perhaps he is at a sensitive point in his monthly cycle .
Not literally . But as far back as the 17th century , scientists observed a 33 day fluctuation in men is hormone levels .
Rabbits do have a respiratory system that would support great size . And on a side note , they are one of the few mammals whose scrotum is in front of the penis .
For the record , giant rats are possible .
Of course they are . Leonard is being one .
But I sense you are going to and I do not want to hear about it . Excuse me .
Oh , yes . In fact , I have prepared some trash talk for the occasion . You bowl like your mama . Unless , of course , she bowls well . In which case , you bowl nothing like her .
That is what is referred to as a burn on you .
Good , Penny , reminder , bowling tonight at seven o’clock .
We would indeed . In this particular case , your lack of femininity works to our advantage .
Sarcasm ?
Remember , seven o’clock .
Pacific Daylight time !
Please reserve that butch spirit for the lanes .
These are my own bowling shoes .
I know where my feet have been .
Well , well , well . If it is not Wil Wheaton , the Green Goblin to my Spider Man , the Pope Paul the fifth to my Galileo , the Internet Explorer to my Firefox .
I am the proud owner of Wil Wheaton stinks dot com , dot net , and dot org . What does that tell you ?
Oh , I am ready . I do not know if Stuart told you what you are up against tonight , but before you stands the co captain of the East Texas Christian Youth Holy Roller Bowling League championship team . Seven to twelve year old division . Also , Penny is pretty good .
Oh , foolish Wil Wheaton , it was never off .
A common spare . The Miss Congeniality of the bowling pageant . Before you jump on Twitter to tout your modest accomplishment , watch how it is really done . I am the ball . My thoughts are its thoughts . Its holes are my holes .  Yes . Tweet that , Tweety Bird .
This is for you .
I have been familiarizing myself with female emotional crises by studying the comic strip Cathy . When she is upset , she says Ach and eats ice cream .
If you were a cat , I would have brought you a lasagna .
No , we have not spoken since your abrupt departure last night caused us to forfeit to Stuart and his dastardly ringer Wil Wheaton .
I am not too proud to admit that I cried myself to sleep .
And let me tell you sleep did not come easily with Leonard in the next room singing along with Alanis Morrisette .
No . Clearly another woman in dire need of ice cream .
The part where I tell you I have engineered a rematch with Stuart is team for tonight .
You want me to remove him from the team ? I am the captain , I can do that .
When are you going to talk to him ?
He is in the laundry room now . Now would be a good time .
Oh , I think we both know the answer to that question .
All right ! Fence mended , problem swept under the rug . Time to bowl ! Yes , I was eavesdropping , there is a lot at stake here .
No , not the Wesley Crushers . The Wesley “Crushers .”
It is a blindingly clever play on words . By appropriating his character is name and adding the S , we imply that we we will be the crushers of Wesley .
What ? No ! Again , it is not the Wesley Crushers . It is the Wesley “Crushers .”
Do you people even hear yourselves ? It is not the Wesley Crushers . It is not the “Wesley” Crushers . It is the Wesley “Crushers .”
No , it is not the… Never mind .
Oh , yes . The losers will be publicly humiliated in a fashion to be chosen by the victor . FYI , I plan on having you publish a scientific paper expounding the discredited Velikovsky hypothesis .
Oh , yes ? Well , before I respond , let me ask you a question . Is your mother a good or poor bowler ?
No , after you , as we are currently crushing you , Wesley .
All right .
I so loathe you .
That is not even from your franchise !
Be the ball , Howard .
You were not the ball .
Excuse me . I do not know who you are chanting for as I am currently the ball .
Thank you , Jesus ! As my mother would say .
Did you let Wil Wheaton get in your head ?
He is evil . He plays evil mind games . Did he tell you his grandmother died ?
Well , if he does , do not believe it . He is not above playing the dead meemaw card .
Enjoy the accolades now , Wil Wheaton , but like your time on Star Trek : Next Generation , your smug self satisfaction will be short lived .
All right , remember , his meemaw is alive and be the ball .
Wait ! Where are you going ? Penny , come back ! I will get you ice cream !
Are you insane ? If she leaves , it is over !
You did this , did not you ?
No , I suppose not .
Wheaton !
Uh oh .
I was going to get my mail .
I think you mean telekinetically . And no , I just was not sure of the proper protocol now that you and Leonard are no longer having coitus .
Well , we could if it were true . But as you live in the same building , you see each other all the time . The variable which has changed is the coitus .
Good , good . I am glad we are still friends .
Oh , yes . It was a lot of work to accommodate you in my life . I had hate for that effort to have been in vain .
Just to be clear do I have to stop saying coitus with everyone or just you ?
Harsh terms . But all right , I will just substitute intercourse .
Or fornication . Yeah . But that has judgmental overtones , so I will hold that in reserve .
Well , my existence is a continuum , so I have been what I am at each point in the implied time period .
Bazinga .
He seems all right . Although he does spend a disturbing amount of time looking at photographs of you and smelling the pillow you slept on . Oh , but now that I think of it , he asked me not to tell you that .
I had rather you pretend I did not say it . I see you bought Mama Italia marinara spaghetti sauce .
That is the sauce my mother uses . She likes cooking Italian because according to her , that is what the Romans made Jesus eat .
I am hungry now .
Will you cut up hot dogs into little chunks and mix them in with the sauce ?
Oh , it is all right , I do . Oh ! You are in for what my mother calls a real Eye talian treat .  .
I was talking with Penny .
Is he making any progress ? Because I had like to erase Ben Affleck as Daredevil .
Which one picks last ?
Well , usually I am on the team that picks last . Unless there is a kid in a wheelchair .
Well , of course I am hungry . And as I have no plans to eat with any other team , I will consume my tangerine chicken with the appropriate gusto . Mm , mm , mm !
Just out of curiosity , do we still have hot dogs ?
Just making dinner conversation . Go , Team Leonard !
Certainly . It is not like I have to moderate my food intake because I am planning on eating again very shortly . Mm , mm , mm !
Excuse me , I am thirsty , so I am going to go to the refrigerator and get myself a refreshing beverage .
Ah , I do so love beverages . Now I think I will take my after dinner walk .
I read a study online that walking after a meal not only aids in digestion , but increases serotonin , and you know me , if there is one thing I like more than a refreshing beverage , it is serotonin . Bye bye .
Oh , that is not necessary . You can go first .
I ca not think of a reason why not .
Hold on . Nope , no reason .
What ?
I did not say outside .
No , of course not . That would be odd and suspicious behavior .
Which way are you going ?
I am going the other way . Bye .
No . I mean , I have no idea what you smell .
Perhaps you are getting a brain tumour .
I shall . Have a nice scoot .
Oh . Hello , doggie . Nice doggie . I bet you think you smell hot dogs . Look , a cat !
Mmm , mmm , mmm . That is Eye talian .
Oh , yes . In fact , he said , I am fine , I do not care . And he in no way said it in a manner which would lead one to believe that he was covering up feelings of anguish and betrayal .
I am also pleased to report that he is all cried out over you .
Oh , I believe that was something else I was not supposed to mention .
Do you have a stomach ache , too ?
No .
Just making polite dinner conversation . Your turn .
Well , my new shoes are not made for running .
No . It is just a suspicion I have . Mmm , mmm , mmm .
I do . Leonard never cooks for me .
You ca not cook and you made me this .
Oh , Lord , I am in Jewish hell .
I told you , walking .
I got lost .
Satellites are down . Solar flares .
Yes , there are .
I am sorry . I misspoke . What I meant to say was my battery died .
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice .
Maybe this is not a good time .
Do you really think death threats are an appropriate way to begin this conversation ? Sometimes your lack of social skills astonishes me .
You may want to sit down .
Point taken . You may want to sit up .
I have been seeing Penny behind your back .
We had dinner last night . She made me spaghetti with little hot dogs cut up in it . Well , little hot dog . I gave up the other five hot dogs to a real dog . A real , big dog . A hell hound . Tangential to the primary story . How about I circle back to it ?
I told you , she made spaghetti with little hot dogs . I like spaghetti with little hot dogs .
I did not want to upset you . Howard made it very clear that my allegiance should be to male comrades before women who sell their bodies for money .
Yes , but I rephrased it to avoid offending the hos .
Oh . Well , so the emotional turmoil that is been keeping me from achieving REM sleep was entirely unjustified ?
Well then as my meemaw would say , looks like we butchered a pig , but nobody wanted bacon .
And now , as promised , the tangent . Sheldon and the Hell Hound , or How I Lost My Hot Dogs .
We stayed for the California Adventure water show . It was pure Disney magic .
It is all right . I will see it again with you .
I can still eat .
Okay , but just do not fight
Thank you , Penny .
Hold .
Explain your sneeze .
Do you have allergies ?
Is there too much pepper on your salad ?
I have heard enough . Sit over there .
That is what Typhoid Mary said , and clearly , her friends buckled .
Oh , Leonard , I have something for you . Per our roommate agreement , this is your 24 hour notice that I will be having a non related female spending two nights in our apartment .
Of course . Pets are banned under the roommate agreement , with the exception of service animals , such as seeing eye dogs and , one day , cybernetically enhanced helper monkeys .
Sarcasm ?
For your information , I will be playing host to Dr . Elizabeth Plimpton .
Yes . And until you acquire a surgical mask , please address your comments to me through a napkin . We have been corresponding for years about our mutual interest in gravitational wave signatures of inflatons in the early universe . And now she is under consideration for a position at our university .
I did not realize I was obligated to share my connection with things you are a fan of , but very well . You enjoy Canadian bacon . I have been to Toronto .
My room , of course .
Go ahead .
A , I rarely kid . And B , when I do kid , you will know it by my use of the word bazinga .
Yes . Bazinga . Leonard ?
Well , she does not care for hotels . And who can blame her ? Windows that do not open , multi user linens , keys shaped like credit cards , as if one walks around with unassigned slots in one is wallet . All right , I believe I have time for one more question . Yes , Raj ?
When I have seen two consecutive negative throat cultures spaced 12 hours apart . You know the drill . All right , if you will excuse me , I am off to start a prophylactic course of antibiotics .
Oh , Penny , excellent . I have a question about these maxi pads . Are the wings truly functional or have I fallen victim to marketing hype ?
The stock boy at Walgreens was frustratingly uninformed on the subject .
I have a lady friend who will be staying with me for a few days .
I want her to feel at home . I also bought scented soaps , pantyhose , Midol , calcium chews and what is apparently a yogurt specifically designed to regulate the female bowel .
Yes . Why does that seem to flabbergast everybody ?
A word of warning . My guest is a noted physicist and the leading expert on quantum cosmology , so please try to avoid wasting her time with female jibber jabber .
Shoe sales , hair styles , mud masks , gossip about your friends Brad and Angelina .
I am not surprised , considering the way you talk about them behind their backs .
Oh , good grief . This is not about you . Coming ! Now listen , one of the great minds of the 21st century is about to play host to one of the other great minds of the 21st century . So pay attention . Years from now , my biographer might ask you about this event .
Hello .
I would imagine it is . This is my friend and roommate , Dr . Leonard Hofstadter .
No , she is my guest . If anyone should offer her anything , it should be me . Elizabeth , can I get you something ? Perhaps a feminine hygiene product or a bowel regulating yogurt ?
Excellent . If the yogurt works , I bought some delightful scented candles .
No , he does not understand . I understand .
You are just misappropriating my understanding .
From the mind that brought you hi lo . Let me show you to your room .
Get it together , man .
In here , you will find emergency provisions . An eight day supply of food and water , a crossbow , season two of Star Trek : The Original Series on a high density flash drive .
Then there is really no reason to live , is there ?
He is an odd duck , is not he ?
Well , there was a misbegotten adventure with a waitress who lives across the hall . It ended as inexplicably as it began . They had very little in common , except for carnal activity . That is why I acquired these noise cancelling headphones . If you decide to use them , please clean the ear pieces afterwards with the Wet Wipes you will find in the bathroom . They are in the drawer labelled Wet Wipes .
Good . I will leave you to your night time ablutions . I have e mailed you the morning bathroom schedule . You will also find a laminated copy in your welcome packet . It is on the back of the emergency escape route diagram .
Sleep well , my friend .
Oh , let me just get one thing . It is my backup emergency supply kit . The living room escape route does not pass through here . Now , good night . And if there is an apocalypse , good luck .
Vocal test . Morning vocal test . Second vocal test . Second morning vocal test .
Morning .
Morning . I trust you had a pleasant night .
Excuse me , I am going to relieve myself .
All right , Elizabeth , the bathroom is yours . The seat is down , and has been sanitized for your protection .
Ah , so the yogurt did not work . I will fire off a critical e mail to the manufacturer .
Did you once again ignore your check engine light ?
Leonard , Penny wants to exploit any residual feelings you have for her in order to get a ride to work .
Wonderful . Meaningless pleasantries accomplished . Elizabeth , Leonard is bathroom time is coming up , and believe me , you do not want to follow him .
Excuse me . I am uncomfortable with you recommending that Leonard pursue having intercourse with Dr . Plimpton , who I assure you has better things to do .
That is preposterous . Tell her , Leonard .
No .
The implication being that you somehow tripped and fell into her lady parts ?
I must say , I am shocked by this betrayal .
Not Penny , me !
Elizabeth is my friend , and you are playing with her !
Dr . Plimpton , I had like you to meet my colleagues , Dr . Rajesh Koothrappali
And not a doctor Howard Wolowitz .
And of course , you have already introduced yourself to Dr . Hofstadter .
 : Let me point out that two degrees can be the difference between water and steam .
 : This is the temperature you agreed to in the roommate agreement .
 : No , you do not screw the roommate agreement . The roommate agreement screws you .
 : I do not have to go to Hell . At 73 degrees , I am there already !
Yes ?
I know what I said . I know what you said . I know what my mother said on March 5 , 1992 . What is the sixth noble gas ?
You said you are a scientist . What is the sixth noble gas ?
Are you asking me or telling me ?
All right , next question . Kirk or Picard ?
Correct . You have passed the first barrier to roommate hood . You may enter .
That depends .
No , but your ability to perceive their existence is conditional on you passing the second and third barriers .
Each more daunting than the last . Have a seat .
No ! That is where I sit !
This seat is ideally located both in relation to the heat source in the winter and a cross breeze in the summer . It also faces the television at a direct angle allowing me to immerse myself in entertainment or game play without being subjected to conversation . As a result , I have placed it in a state of eternal dibs .
Cathedra mea , regulae meae . That is Latin for my chair , my rules . Now , you said on the phone that your area of study is physics .
Hmm .
Does not concern you . You will be going to the university every day ?
And you have a vehicle ?
And you will be willing to drive me ?
I can . I choose not to .
Why do not you let me do this .
Last question . In a post apocalyptic world , which task would you assign the highest priority ? Locating a sustainable food source , re establishing a functioning government , procreating , or preserving the knowledge of mankind ?
That is correct . FYI , I would have accepted any answer other than procreating . Come , I will show you the rest of the apartment .
The second barrier . Do not get cocky . This is the bathroom . Are you fairly regular ?
This is not going to work if you are guessing . When do you evacuate your bowels ?
When you have to ? I am sorry , I do not rent to hippies .
I ca not give you eight . I can give you seven thirty .
Third barrier passed . You have won the right to see your room . Huzzah !
No , this is my room . People do not go in my room .
I do not understand .
Do you do this often ?
Your room . You may want to repaint .
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved for watching Joss Whedon is brilliant new series Firefly .
We might as well settle it now , it is going to be on for years . Initial here . All right , that is television and movies . Section nine , miscellany . The apartment is flag is a gold lion rampant on a field of azure .
Never fly it upside down unless the apartment is in distress . And next , if either of us ever invents time travel , we agree our first stop will be this meeting today in precisely five seconds .
Well that is disappointing .
Leonard ?
Leonard ?Leonard ?
I am just going to keep knocking till you answer .  Leonard ?  Leonard ?  Leonard ?
You asked what I wanted . I wanted to come in . I am here because you violated our roommate agreement . Specifically , section eight , visitors , subsection C , females , paragraph four , coitus . Roommates shall give each other 12 hours notice of impending coitus .”
12 hours ?
What is going on here ?
I will get to you later . What are you sitting on ?
Explain the couch .
But what is wrong with the furniture we have ?
Did it occur to you that was by design ?
But you did not notify me by e mail , so this is still a breach .
Oh , you did , did you ? Oh , drat ! Hoisted by my own spam filter .
I put you there after you forwarded me a picture of a cat playing the piano , entitled this is funny .
I assure you , you will be sorry you wasted your money on an iPod when Microsoft comes out with theirs .
Yes .
It is not an assumption . Change seats with me .
I do not like this spot . I have to keep turning my head .
We do not watch Babylon 5 in this apartment .
Because no one likes Babylon 5 .
They do not get a vote . It is one against one . And according to the roommate agreement , all ties will be settled by me .
And I said yes . And I settle all ties . Change seats with me .
There is a draft on my neck over here .
You are protected by your turtleneck .
Hmm , I am still not comfortable . Of course . There is too many people here .
Wait . Let me get my jacket .
Why not ?
Oh . Well , in that case , I do not need my jacket . And for the record , the correct syntax is I am the guy from whom you are trying to get away . Oh , yes , this is definitely going to be my spot .
Wo not work .
You do not see your mistake , do you ?
This is for a full scale rocket , not a model .
Not correctly .
Give me that .
You are welcome .
Hello . Why do I smell methacrylate ?
There is doubt ?
That is not an apology , simply an acknowledgement that I was right .
There you go .
Good what ?
Go ahead .
I should have brought an umbrella .
I know that , but with skin as fair as mine , moon burn is a real possibility .
One of my best , do not you think ?
Leonard , Leonard . What is that ? What is that ?
How on earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence ?
Not my world .
I was not aware that lunar ranging was her thing . Although , I suppose the retro reflector left on the moon by Neil Armstrong does qualify as a shiny object .
I fail to see how a relationship can have the qualities of a geographic location .
Thank you . Raj , keep an eye out for the other one .
Hello .
Yes . In 1917 , when Albert Einstein established the theoretic foundation for the laser in his paper Zur Quantentheorie der Strahlung , his fondest hope was that the resultant device be bitchin’ .
See , now this is a man for Penny .
No , it is not .
Well it is not a great question . How could somebody possibly think we are going to blow up the moon ? That is a great question .
Make it so .
I was wrong . Penny can do better .
He must be very skilled at coitus .
I ca not bring the nitrogen tank down .
All right , let me restate that . It is very heavy , and I do not want to .
Thank you . Lift with your knees , not your back . Good night .
What is going on ?
Oh ! Not this again .
When one gets beaten up every other day in school , one of necessity develops a keen sense of hearing . Incidentally , one can get beaten up in school simply by referring to oneself as one . I am making English muffins . Would you like an English muffin ?
FYI , my noise cancelling headphones proved ineffective last night .
As a native Texan , I must say I have never heard the phrase yee haw used in quite that context .
Oh , God . That I have heard on multiple occasions . In what universe is that lightly toasted ? This has to be the worst day of my life . Good morning , Leonard .
Counting this instance ? 317 .
She returned to her apartment . I presume to shower and vomit . Not necessarily in that order .
Are you expecting me to offer an explanation of human behaviour ?
I have no difficulty believing you are not butter .
Who is going to tell whom about what ?
Your surprise confuses me . I live here .
Be more specific .
That is not afternoon . That is preevning .
It is a time of day I invented . It better defines the ambiguous period between afternoon and evening . Preevning . I am fairly certain it will catch on as it fills a desperate need .
Well , tomorrow is Saturday . Saturday night is laundry night , so I will be spending the preevning pre sorting and pre soaking .
I would snort in derision and throw my arms in the air , exhausted by your constant tomfoolery .
Please . Even assuming you could answer any question the way I would , the algorithms used by matchmaking sites are complete hokum .
Well , most of it is being applied to unravelling the secrets of the universe while the rest of it is wondering why I am having this conversation with you .
He did not date . It was pon farr . His blood boiled with mating lust .
I do not drink coffee .
As I will not be engaging in this nonsense , my choice of beverage is moot . But for the record , I only drink hot chocolate in months with an R in them .
What is life without whimsy ?
You are bluffing .
Curse you .
In a few minutes , when I gloat over the failure of this enterprise , how would you prefer I do it ? The standard I told you so ? The classic neener neener ? Or just my normal look of haughty derision ?
Haughty derision it is .
Hello , Amy Farrah Fowler . I am sorry to inform you that you have been taken in by unsupportable mathematics designed to prey on the gullible and the lonely . Additionally , I am being blackmailed with a hidden dirty sock .
Interesting . My mother and I have the same agreement about church .
Well , then you might want to avoid East Texas .
May I buy you a beverage ?
Impressive , but we must be cautious .
Today , it is a Chinese food retrieval robot . Tomorrow , it travels back in time and tries to kill Sarah Connor .
No one ever does . That is why it happens .
You realize , Penny , that the technology that went into this arm will one day make unskilled food servers such as yourself obsolete .
I thought you broke up with her . Why is she here ?
I would not say amazing . At best , it is a modest leap forward from the basic technology that gave us Country Bear Jamboree .
Yes ?  Peace ?
She is not my girlfriend .
She is not my girlfriend .
She is not my girlfriend .
All right , everyone pay attention . Yes , I have a friend named Amy Farrah Fowler . Yes , she is female . Yes , we communicate on a daily basis , but no , she is not my girlfriend .
Well , my work in physics , her work in neurobiology , and most recently , the possibility of our having a child together .
Amy pointed out that between the two of us , our genetic material has the potential of producing the first in a line of intellectually superior , benign overlords to guide humanity to a brighter tomorrow .
Yes , Penny .
Why on Earth would we have sex ?
I am quite aware of the way humans usually reproduce , which is messy , unsanitary , and based on living next to you for three years , involves loud and unnecessary appeals to a deity .
Yes , exactly . Consequently , if Amy and I choose to bring new life into this world , it will be accomplished clinically , with fertility experts in a lab with petri dishes . Which reminds me , you have broad hips and a certain corn fed vigour . Is your womb available for rental ?
You mean dating ?
I ca not date Amy .
She is not my girlfriend .
Oh . I had not considered that . I suppose she will have to have access to our progeny . And you do not think I can achieve the required intimacy via text messaging ?
Huh . It would appear as if the phone companies have been lying to me .
I know . I can see the shadow of your feet under the door .
If you are looking for an example of a waste of time , I would refer you to the conversation we are having right now .
I have decided to take your advice and have arranged to go on a date with Amy Farrah Fowler .
Wait . You have to drive me .
You know I do not drive .
I did . He said , and I quote , ask Penny , it was her cockamamie idea .
Actually , I am paraphrasing . Having been raised in a Christian household , I am uncomfortable with the language he used . And to be honest , I am not entirely comfortable with cockamamie .
Now .
Hurry . We are going to be late .
I am sorry . Do you have other plans ?
So this conversation is as pointless as your door knocking soliloquy ?
Thank you for driving me .
I wish you were not wearing flip flops . It is dangerous to drive in flip flops .
Sorry . I just do not want to be yet another flip flop fatality .
Given your community college education , I encourage you to ask me as many as possible .
That depends . Does square dancing with my sister at a Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown count as a date ?
Then , this is my first date .
I have a master is degree and two doctorates . The things I should know , I do know .
If you know so much , how come I have a date tonight and you have nothing better to do than drive me to it ?
Do not bother . I have wasted many an hour tilting at that particular windmill .
Oh , no , I would not care for that . Amy ?
No .
All right . It was hell .
I am sorry , how is this better than uncomfortable silence ?
Muggles .
Big night ? The winter solstice is a big night . It is over 14 hours in Southern California .
Thank you .
Apparently , a semi incestuous Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown did not count .
Simple extrapolation . In the three years that I have known you , you were single for two . During that time , I saw 17 different suitors . If we work backwards , correcting for observation bias and postulate an initial dating age of 15…
I am sorry . 16 ?
My mistake . Now , assuming the left side of a bell curve peaking around the present , that would bring the total up to 193 men . Plus or minus eight men .
Although that number would be fairly easy to calculate .
Based on the number of awkward encounters I have had with strange men leaving her apartment in the morning , plus the number of times she is returned home wearing the same clothes she wore the night before…
So we multiply 193 , minus 21 men before the loss of virginity , so 172 times 0 .18 gives us 30 .96 sexual partners . Let is round that up to 31 .
This is an interesting topic . How many sexual encounters have you had ?
I should think so .
You were right . This was a very productive evening . I saw a whole new side of Amy Farrah Fowler tonight .
I will be happy to check the math , but numbers do not lie , Penny . In any event , now that Amy and I have spent quality time together , I feel much more confident proceeding to the next stage of our relationship .
Using in vitro fertilization and a surrogate uterus to gift humanity with our progeny .
In these uncertain times , does not humanity deserve a gift ?
That is no threat . My mother is always wanted a grandchild .
Curses .
Well , it is not that late . You could still go out and look for number 32 . Good night .
I have decided not to procreate .Leonard : Whatcha doin’ there ? Working on a new plan to catch the roadrunner ?
The humorous implication being that I am Wile E . Coyote ?
And this is a schematic for a bird trapping device that will ultimately backfire and cause me physical injury ?
What I am doing here is trying to determine when I am going to die .
My family history factoring in longevity , propensity for disease , et cetera .
Killed by badger .
It was Thanksgiving . Uncle Carl said , I think there is a badger living in our chimney . Hand me that flashlight . Those were the last words he ever spoke to us .
Not true . The fight or flight instinct is coded genetically . Instead of fleeing , he chose to fight barehanded against a brawny member of the weasel family . Who is to say that I do not share that flawed DNA ?
But seriously , even if I disregard the Uncle Carl factor , at best I have 60 years left .
60 only takes me to here . I need to get to here .
The earliest estimate of the singularity , when man will be able to transfer his consciousness into machines and achieve immortality .
By this much .
You do not get it , Leonard . I am going to miss so much , the unified field theory ,  cold fusion , the dogapus .
A hybrid dog and octopus . Man is underwater best friend .
I was going to . I planned on giving it to myself on my 300th birthday .
A dogapus can play fetch with eight balls . No one can hate that .
No , thank you . I am not eating pizza tonight .
Not for me . Thursday is now Cruciferous Vegetable Night . Tonight is selection , brussels sprouts .
It is a small price to pay .
In order to live long enough to fuse my consciousness with cybernetics , I need to change my diet .
Correct .
Essentially , yes .
Flattering , but sadly , no . I am also planning to begin an exercise regimen designed to strengthen my cardiovascular system . AKA jogging .
Certainly . I have run from bullies , dogs , angry chickens , and one particularly persistent P .E . teacher determined to bend me over and give me a scoliosis test .
That is an excellent idea . Yeah , if we chat , it will create the illusion of time going faster .
I have pain radiating from my navel to my lower right abdomen . I am nauseated and feverish . I believe I may have cholera .
Well , if it is not cholera , then based on a quick Internet search , the other explanations in decreasing order of likelihood are Hirschsprung is Disease , botulism , a 30 foot tapeworm or accidental ingestion of chrysanthemum blossoms .
It is part of an unlikely scenario that involves sleepwalking and a 24 hour flower mart with a less than vigilant proprietor . Oh , Lord , my belly !
I have not . I have been meaning to , but who has the time ?
So this is how it ends , with cruel irony . Just as I make the commitment to preserving my body , I am betrayed by my appendix , a vestigial organ . Do you know the original purpose of the appendix , Leonard ?
I do . And yet I am doomed while you live on .
Oh , Lord , I think it is about to burst !  On the other hand , it might have been the Brussels sprouts .
Good night . Appendicitis . What a nervous Nelly .
Thank you . They are my mother is .
No , the Flash shirt is because it is Friday , but it is nice when things work out . Where is your heart rate monitor ?
What about your pedometer ?
Do you have telematics in your shoes connected to an iPod ?
What do you do , you just go out there and gambol about like a bunny ?
Why are you doing that ?
All right .
I am doing it .
We will never know .
Okay .
Yeah , I have been reading up on biomechanics . I think you will be surprised at my… Wah ! Oh !
I think so .
Thank you .
If it makes you feel any better , Thursday is no longer Cruciferous Vegetable Night .
Coming !  . Greetings , friends .
I am behind you . Please look at me when you are talking to me .
No , you are not . Pay no attention to that man in the bed .
At my age , do you know how I am statistically most likely to die ?
An accident .
Until I can transfer my intellect to a more durable container , my body will remain safely ensconced in my bed .
You have to help , it is in the roommate agreement .
Section 74 .C . The various obligations and duties of the parties in the event one of them becomes a robot .
I am coming , Woz , I am coming .  Ow ! Aw .
All right , I am ready for my next question .
Uganda .
Kenya rises to power on the export of rhinoceroses . A Central African power block is formed , colonizing North Africa and Europe . When war breaks out , no one can afford the luxury of a rhino . Kenya withers , Uganda triumphs .
In a world where a piano is a weapon , not a musical instrument , on what does Scott Joplin play The Maple Leaf Rag ?
Defend .
You are right . My apologies .
It is a game we invented . It is called Counterfactuals .
It is fun for ages eight to eighty . Join us .
You are in luck , this is an easy one . In a world where mankind is ruled by a giant intelligent beaver , what food is no longer consumed ?
Leonard , be serious . We are playing a game here .
Incorrect . Obviously , the answer is cheese Danish .
Oh , yes . You should have been here for the great Jenga tantrum of 2008 .
Greetings . You all remember Amy Farrah Fowler .
Sorry we are late .
I believe she is experiencing her menses .
A juvenile amalgamation of our names . Sheldon and Amy ,  Shamy .
I should have warned you , one has to navigate a labyrinth of social nonsense before one can be fed here .
It is how they lure you in . I believe it is called bait and switch .
They ca not function without me . I am the social glue that holds this little group together . You are welcome .
She is not my girlfriend . She is a girl and she is my friend , but there is no touching or unsanitary exchange of saliva .
Although , for the record , on one occasion , she licked her thumb to remove raspberry jelly from the corner of my mouth . It is an action we both regret to this day .
Oh , I never identified with the rebel alliance . Despite their tendency to build Death Stars , I have always been more of an empire man .
I know what your point is . You are intimidated by Amy is intellect . To that I say , buck up .
So ?
Are you suggesting I terminate my relationship with Amy ?
May I point out that for eight long months , I suffered in silence as your female companion filled our apartment with her off key country music caterwauling , the unappetizing spectacle of her grinding a pumice stone against her calloused feet in our living room , and night after night of uninformative TV documentaries about the Jersey Shore .
Yes . And I had thank you to do the same .
Greetings .
I brought Amy here to show her some of the work I am doing .
Do I detect a hint of condescension ?
Are you suggesting the work of a neurobiologist like Babinski could ever rise to the significance of a physicist like Clarke Maxwell or Dirac ?
You take that back .
Excuse me , but a grand unified theory , insofar as it explains everything , will ipso facto explain neurobiology .
That is the rankest psychologism , and was conclusively revealed as hogwash by Gottlob Frege in the 1890s !
I agree . I move our relationship terminate immediately .
There being no objections…
The motion carries . Good day , Amy Farrah Fowler .
Amen to that .
Hello .
A breakup would imply she was my girlfriend . She was a girl who was my friend who is now a girl who is not my friend .
Regarding what ?
I do not follow .
Penny , I assure you , I am fine . My relationship with Amy was purely intellectual . There were no emotional bonds , the severing of which would cause me any discomfort . The relationship simply outlived its utility , and I am continuing on with my life as before .
Now , if you will excuse me , I am off to buy a pussycat .
Oh , gentlemen .
My apologies . Raj , Howard , I had like you to meet Dr . Robert Oppenheimer .
Now , if you will excuse me , the father of the atomic bomb wants a saucer of milk .
Robert Oppenheimer was lonely .
Yes . This is Enrico Fermi , Richard Feynman , Edward Teller , Otto Frisch , and Zazzles .
I was going to name him Herman von Helmholtz , but he is so zazzy .
About what ?
Clowder .
A group of cats is a clowder . Or a glaring .
It is the kind of thing you ought to know now that we have one .
It was not a breakup . A breakup would imply that Amy was my girlfriend .
You did not break up , she dumped you .
I was there . She dumped you .
You do not have to sell me on cats , Leonard . I am already a fan . All right , fellas , who is in the mood for Fancy Feast ? Well , that is not fancy at all .
Come in .
Mom , what an unexpected pleasure .
I had like you to meet Oppenheimer , Frisch , Panofsky , Feynman , Weisskopf…
What are you doing here ?
Oh , that is preposterous . I am not pining over anyone .
I do not agree . Cats make wonderful companions . They do not argue or question my intellectual authority , and this little guy here , I think you will find to be quite zazzy .
Coming !
Aw . What is she doing here ?
Well , rest assured , I am in full possession of my faculties .
All right , but you are not fooling me . Whenever you say we have to talk , it means you want me to listen .
Yes , ma’am .
That is a peculiar conclusion . By any standard , Amy is more similar to me than anyone I have ever met .
Well , whether you see it or not is irrelevant . I ca not see subatomic particles , but nevertheless , they are there .
A physics point .
Amy , after consideration , I believe we may have acted rashly . I propose we resume our relationship and attempt to resolve our differences .
I will go as high as 40 .
Done . You understand that moving forward , we deal with the fact that my mother does not approve of you ?
Would you like to see my cats ?
Ah , then you may find Zazzles a little cloying .
Thank you , Amy . Here is your cat . And here is your $20 .Raj : I am telling you , if xenon emits ultraviolet light , then those dark matter discoveries must be wrong .
Yes , well , if we lived in a world where slow moving xenon produced light , then you had be correct . Also , pigs would fly , my derriere would produce cotton candy , and The Phantom Menace would be a timeless classic .
You are wrong again . If my superpower were arrogance , my name would be Dr . Arroganto .
Oh , Penny ? Penny ?
Nothing . I just wanted to make Raj stop talking .
Hello . I see you decided to go with pathetic and frightened .
Our collaboration is a work of the mind . We do not need desks .
Correct .
You are two for two .
Oh , Lord , will this day never end ? As I have explained repeatedly to Dr . Koothrappali , whose ability to comprehend the American idiom fails him when it is convenient , there is absolutely no money in my budget for additional office furniture .
Yes .
That is ridiculous .
Because…
It is my office .
All right , all right . He can buy his own desk .
Well , you really want to dot the I is and cross the T is , do not you ?
They do some of their best work at night .
One question .
Why on earth are you telling me all this ?
This is not a desk . This is a Brobdingnagian monstrosity .
It is actually British .
Brobdingnagian .
Brobdingnagian .
Brobdingnagian , Brobdingna… How did you even get it in here ?
All right , you have made your point . A fine prank , very amusing . Now get it out .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
All right , if you are not going to remove it , I will remove it for you .
Help me move my desk .
Yes .
Yes .
Why do you even want this here ? Its size is completely disproportionate to its purpose .
All right , I see what is going on . This is the opening salvo in what will be an escalating series of juvenile tit for tat exchanges . Well titted .
Stand by for my upcoming tat .
Yes ?
Yes ?
I am making hydrogen sulphide and ammonia gas . Just a little experiment in pest control .
Well , we will just see how long you can hold out .
Yes .
Highly . Oh , dear . Leonard : All I am saying is , if they took all the money they spent trying to make a decent Hulk movie , they could probably just make an actual Hulk .
That is apt and amusing . I think I shall share that with Amy Farrah Fowler . She will appreciate the witticism .
It will also help improve her initial impression of you .
Well , the status is as it always was . She is a girl . She is a friend . She is not my , please forgive me for doing this , girlfriend .
Leonard , you are my best friend . I have known you for seven years , and I can barely tolerate sitting on the couch with you . Imagine my attitude regarding prolonged physical proximity to Amy Farrah Fowler .
I sense judgment on your part .
May I suggest that your criticism is based on jealousy .
I have a functioning and satisfying relationship with a female . You have none .
Jealousy is an ugly green eyed monster , not unlike the Hulk , who , by the way , also has a girlfriend . In this iteration , Jennifer Connelly , whom you may recall as the girlfriend of Russell Crowe in A Beautiful Mind , a feel good romp if there ever was one .
Hu u urgh ! Leonard not jealous .
No point . It is just one of the things that makes one of the mes chuckle . What makes you chuckle , Leonard ?
Is it because of the conflict that arises from your desperate need to pair bond with a woman , and the apparent collective decision of all womankind to deny you that opportunity ?
You know , when my grandfather died , and Meemaw was alone , my mom arranged for her to visit a centre three times a week where she could socialize with other lonely people . It is very nice . They discuss current events , play bridge , get a hot meal .
It is if you like bridge . Do you like bridge , Leonard ?
Meemaw resisted at first , but now she loves it .
It is not a home . It is a senior centre .  We had never put Meemaw in a home !
All right , I will bow to social pressure . Hey !
No , no , no , no !
Thank you .
Are you ill ?
Are you still depressed because you are alone , and no one loves you ?
I want you to know that I am genuinely concerned about your well being .
You are welcome . But it is still no reason to have your feet in my spot .
Since we got home from the comic bookstore .
As per your suggestion , we are hanging out . Quite frankly , I do not see what all the hoopla is about . Go on , Amy .
Did you know that , Leonard ?
I did .
Wise decision . You see , Amy , success at a bar is based on classic male attributes such as height , strength , attractiveness , the ability to hold one is liquor and throw darts , separately or together . Leonard has none of these attributes , right , Leonard ?
Oh ! Good point , Amy . Yeah , building on your premise , Leonard could frequent sushi bars , salad bars , oyster bars , the Apple Genius Bar , what are you doing ?
He does it all the time . He is a cornucopia of social awkwardness .
Let is make that our word of the day .
Well , I have to void my bladder . It was nice spending this time with you .
Yes ?
I see . Can I get back to you on that ?
Good night .  Leonard , Leonard , Leonard ,
Amy Farrah Fowler has asked me to meet her mother .
What does that mean ?
Uh huh .
Wait . What ?
I do not want the next level . I like this level . Fix it for me !
Simple ! You want a girlfriend , Amy wants to be someone is girlfriend . Take her off my hands . I give you my blessing .
You are right . It would never work . Amy finds you tedious .
Wait ! What am I supposed to do ?
Leonard , I am a physicist , not a hippie .
Screwed .
Amy is right . He is tedious .
As if one of the plants from Invasion of the Body Snatchers duplicated you in every way , only with an absurd amount of hair gel .
I am removing my digital footprint from the Internet so Amy Farrah Fowler ca not find me and compel me to meet her mother .
Exactly .
Thank you . I have also sent Amy a relationship termination notice and changed my cell phone number and e mail address .
She will get lost . We no longer live at 2311 Los Robles . We now live at 311 Los Robles .
Oh , no worries , I explained my predicament to our letter carrier . He was sympathetic . His exact words were , Got your back , Jack . Bitches be crazy .
Darn ! She found me !
The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan . Now , get my back , Jack .
Tell her I am not here .
I do not know . You will have to devise a scenario that plausibly explains my absence , keeping in mind that the key to a good lie lies in the details .
Way to go on the details .
Rats !
No misunderstanding . I have learned what that request actually means , and I do not want to be joined to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis .
So we had be perpetrating a ruse ?
And you have not fallen hopelessly in love with me ?
Amy Farrah Fowler , that is the most pragmatic thing anyone has ever said to me .
Of course . Would you like to join me for Chinese food ?
My apologies . Good night , Amy .
I assure you I am quite real and I am having regular intercourse with your daughter .
Oh , yes . We are like wild animals in heat . It is a wonder neither of us has been hurt .
Oh , yes , it is time for me to make love to your daughter is vagina .
Amusing . A play on the two meanings of cobbler .
Excuse me . I object . You propose a guessing game , yet you do not give me enough time to guess . For the record , I was going to say your sister Priya .
Why would I change ?
Given that when we met her she was finishing law school and planning an internship at a large Indian car company , it is actually extremely plausible .
Why would I touch her , she is covered with airplane germs .
Cobbler . I am still laughing .
I always tell people , if you have only one day in Los Angeles , make it a train day .
The fun starts with brunch at Carney is in Studio City , a hot dog stand in a converted railroad dining car . Next stop , Travel Town , an outdoor museum featuring 43 railroad engines , cars and other rolling stock from the 1880s to the 1930s . Finally , we are off to the glitz and glamour of Hollywood for dinner at , that is right , the Hollywood Carney is , a hot dog stand in a different converted railroad dining car .
Well then apparently , you hate fun .
He rejected train day .
Abundantly .
That is what I said .
Do you like trains ?
You might as well just wait at the airport for your flight .
I have found an emulator online that lets you play classic text based computer games from the 1980s .
Oh yes . It runs on the world is most powerful graphics chip , imagination .
Go north . You ca not go that way . Go west . A troll blocks your passage . Okay , fasten your seatbelts , kill troll . With what ? With sword .  You do not have the sword . Good golly , it is as if it is actually happening to me .
Hit troll with axe . Hit troll with axe . Hit troll with axe . Oh my , this is one tough troll .
Leonard , I am trapped in quicksand , the axe is dragging me down .
Drop axe . Brilliant .
Hold on . I have to figure out how to get the bucket , so I can carry the mud past the dragon .
I know .
Five more minutes .
Everyone will see my oddly shaped uvula .
No . But it is a shame our society mocks the differently uvulated . Who was at the door ?
That is unacceptable . We are supposed to be given written notice .
Well , what if I spill tomato soup on my shirt and have to come home to change , only to find there is no water for an enzyme soak .
I will have the chicken noodle . Goodnight .
I know how to get the bucket ! I can turn the axe around and use the handle to reach it . Let is see . Go north . You are in a forest . Go north . You are in a forest . Go north . You are in a forest . Oh dear , I believe I am lost . Well , I will just have to get a fresh start tomorrow .
Yes .
Leonard .  Leonard .  Leonard .
I heard a woman laughing .
Oh . Well , good job , quite convincing . I smell perfume .
And is that lipstick on your cheek and neck .
My sympathies . I am no stranger to the crimson scourge that is dermatitis . Can I interest you in a topical steroid from my lotion and unguent collection ?
Very well , I am sure I can find something that will help you ditch that itch .
Do you prefer ointment or cream ?
With or without a numbing agent ?
Really ? Leonard , there are no heroes when it comes to dermatitis .
Prescription or non prescription strength .
Well , I think I have a nice 2009 AnaMantle HC . It is usually indicated for acutely inflamed haemorrhoids , but it also goes nicely with non mucosal body parts .
Excellent choice .
For shame , Leonard . For shame . And to think I was ready to waste the last of my good haemorrhoid cream on you .
Is that really what you want to talk about , Leonard ?
What do you want to talk about ?
There it is . What if someone asks ?
Perhaps . But they might ask me something else .
Like , has Leonard betrayed any of his friends recently ?
In fact , you did , but I was referring to Howard .
April 12th , 2005 , Bob is Big Boy , Toluca Lake . Raj had just introduced us to Priya for the first time , and she was enjoying the sweet taste of Hindu rebellion in the form of a Bob is Super Big Boy hamburger . In order to preserve your friendship , you and Howard made a pinky swear that neither of you would attempt to woo her . I had a patty melt .
And Raj .
And me .
Violation of the roommate agreement , overnight guest notification clause .
You are far too short to be Darth Vader . At best you might be a turncoat Ewok .
You mean , you want me to keep a secret .
You know I ca not keep a secret .
Why do you get to be Batman ?
Well Alfred has secrets too .
Alfred knows that Barbara Gordon is Batgirl . Which I have now just told to Batman . See , I ca not keep a secret .
Ta da . It is short for da da da da !
I know , that is why I shortened it .
I came to go over your alibi for last night .
You have asked me to lie on your behalf , and as you know , I am deeply uncomfortable with impromptu dishonest , so I have provided you with an iron clad alibi . You could not have spent last night with Priya , because you were with another woman .
The fun loving , and morally loose , Miss Maggie McGeary .
You met her at Pasadena is most popular Irish watering hole , Lucky Baldwin is , where Maggie spends her nights tending bar , with a head full of curls and a heart full of dreams .
And if anyone were to actually call that number they will hear this .
It is pretty convincing , huh ? And it was not even a real person . And here is the clincher . A lock of Maggie is flaming auburn hair .
From an orang u tan in the primate lab .
Well , no one is going to run a DNA test on it , Leonard , honestly you over think everything .
And I have nothing to contribute to this conversation . Because I too know absolutely nothing about Priya is preferences in male companionship . And with that , I will re zip my lip .
Oh , I have heard of that place , is not that Pasadena is favourite Irish watering hole .
Did you meet anyone interesting there , perhaps a promiscuous redheaded barmaid ?
Sure you can , you are doing fine , it is very believable .
Do not listen to him , he is still light headed from all the Irish whiskey and pickled eggs in his system .
I believe they engaged in coitus but , more importantly , if Leonard had not abandoned his story , would you have found it plausible ?
May I point out , in a parallel universe , your friends are saying Maggie McGeary , she sounds lovely .
I think a more amusing violation of Raj is trust is when Howard convinced him that foreigners give presents to Americans on Thanksgiving .
Well , excuse me . That was not a betrayal , that was an experiment to determine at what concentration food starts tasting mothy .
For science .
You used my toothbrush ?
And I am sorry . But that behaviour is beyond the pale and cannot be tolerated . We are no longer friends .
With real puffing smoke ?
Alright . But I am watching you .
Well , sure .
Guess .
No .
You are so close .
The capybara is the largest member of the rodent family .
Nothing . It was a desperate attempt to introduce an alternate topic of conversation .
Excuse me . If we are changing topics , I believe I have first dibs with capybara , a rodent the size of a baby hippo .
You know , I try very hard to make our lunch hours educational and informative , but your insistence on talking about your own lives stymies me at every turn .
No , you squandered your time with me , and the moment has now passed . Feast on your disappointment , much as the capybara feasts on its own waste .
Not particularly .
I suppose I could if I were asked .
Of course . Why do you have to make things so complicated ?
Yes .
You say you are Special Agent Page , FBI .
And here is my Justice League membership card . But that does not prove I know Batman .
Oh . All right . I doubt anyone would risk the stiff penalties for impersonating a federal officer just to ask questions about a minor league engineer with an unresolved Oedipal complex .
For the record , I truly support the FBI in the mission which is expressed through their motto ?
Correct . Now to business . 18 years ago , I sent the FBI Crime Lab samples from a bag of excrement that had been lit on fire on my front porch for fingerprinting and DNA analysis . Why have not I heard back yet ?
That is of little comfort to a nation attempting to scrape burning feces off its shoes .
A little , but go on .
I am going to answer that with a visual aid . This is my nine disc complete Lord of the Rings trilogy blu ray set .  Mr . Wolowitz borrowed it , damaged plastic retention hub number three , and then returned it to me , hoping I would not notice . Would you characterize that as responsible ?
You heard me say blu ray , right ?
Very well . Would you be interested in knowing that Mr . Wolowitz once snuck onto my World of Warcraft account and changed the name of a certain level 80 warlock from Sheldor to Smeldor ?
Is there anything else ? Where would you like to start ? He refuses to pay fines when he is overdue with books I lend him . He crashed the Mars Rover while attempting to impress a woman . He recommended that I go see the third Matrix movie because it was , and I quote , just as good as the first one . If that is not irresponsible , I do not know what is .
Did I say Mars Rover ?
That was actually a poorly chosen example , as it had nothing to do with me .
I do not want to . Not that my disinclination to discuss the topic should be interpreted as evidence of Howard Wolowitz is culpability in the destruction of government property worth millions of dollars .
Oh , good . I was afraid you were going to fixate on that Mars Rover incident .
Well , your expectations have been subverted . Aha .
Sleep eludes me , Leonard .
Mockery ? That is all you have to offer ?
Who knows ? I have not watched any scary movies recently . I am no longer obsessing over why the predicted mass of the quantum vacuum has little effect on the expansion of the universe . And it is been weeks since I took that accidental sip of Red Bull .
Well , I did mention the Mars Rover incident to that FBI agent and probably cost Howard his security clearance .
But why should that keep me up ?
Interesting . So you are saying my insomnia is caused by a guilty conscience .
Excuse me ?
Do you have any evidence to support that hypothesis ?
That seems fairly conclusive .  No , Gorn , no . That is where I sit .
Yes .
No .
I am sorry . I do not recall you saying no backsies .
Yes . I had like to offer a laudatory statement about Howard is many excellent qualities that I believe will tip the scales back in his favour . Howard Joel Wolowitz . H is for honesty , of which he has much . O is for outstanding , which he is such . W is for witty , he is quick with a joke . A is for artistic , his ability…
But I still have rd Joel Wolowitz left to go .
I do not understand why you people are picking on my friend , Howard , when there are much more serious security threats to pursue . For instance , when I first met Leonard , he was on the verge of giving away rocket secrets to a North Korean spy , and not one agent ever investigated that .
No , it is a different Leonard . He is Chinese , red hair , six fingers . Good bye .
I am quite familiar with Dr . Tyson . He is responsible for the demotion of Pluto from planetary status . I liked Pluto . Ergo I do not like you .
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts , we had all have a merry Christmas . Think about that , Dr . Tyson .
Yes , but before you get upset , I want you to know I went to the FBI and retracted my statement .
No . If anything , I made it worse . In any case , I have been riddled with guilt , which is causing Gorn infested REM sleep . So , I am here now to say I am sorry .
Yes . I followed the social protocol . I attempted to right the wrong , and when I failed to do so I delivered a heartfelt apology . Now you say apology accepted , and I will offer you a one time only high five .
You are tricking me . It really is , is not it ?
Oh , shut up .
Hello .
I have troubles , Penny . I have come to pour them out to the sympathetic ear of the local barkeep .
I do not like the Olive Garden . They treat me like family .
Alcohol .
Ethyl alcohol . 40 millilitres .
Ah . Blame President James “Jimmy” Carter . He started America on a path to the metric system but then just gave up . He wonders why he was a one term president .
More or less .
I believe you were about to ask me to choose a cocktail . Fortunately , thanks to computer savvy alcoholics , there is an app for that . Let is see . Harvey Wallbanger . Eh . Sex on the Beach . I hardly think so . Rob Roy , Silk Slipper , Mad Hatter . Ooh ! I will have a Rosewater Ricky .
You will need pitted , brandied cherries , gin , rosewater , angostura bitters and overproofed rum . Now , first , dust the cherries with sugar , then spray them with a mixture of rum and bitters . Then ignite the rum , caramel…
That is not how it looks in the picture .
All right . To the metric system .  I ca not taste the cherries .
I wronged Howard , and he will not accept my apology .
Penny , you face failure on a daily basis . How do you cope ?
To drinking .  Nope . Oh , if only there were some way to force Howard to accept my apology so I could escape this miasma of guilt .
I see . You are saying I am facing Starfleet Academy is unwinnable command scenario , the Kobayashi Maru .
Captain Kirk won .
Impressive that you know that . It is hard to believe I am actually having this conversation with you .
Kirk beat the Kobayashi Maru by reprogramming the simulator . That is it .
I will reprogram Howard .
No , you ca not reprogram people . To James Tiberius Kirk .
Howard , you are feeling better about me today , are not you ?
Yes , you are . I am using neurolinguistic programming to modify your thought patterns .
There is a nine ninety five e book down the drain .
It is for Howard .
Nevertheless , I have hurt you , and whether you forgive me or not , I want you to have this .
No . The cushion is merely symbolic . I am giving you my spot on the couch .
No . I love my mother . My feelings for my spot are much greater . It is the singular location in space around which revolves my entire universe . And now it is yours .
High five . Not too hard . Thank you .
I changed my mind . Get out of my spot .
That is the work of noted Hollywood costume designer Deborah Nadoolman . She also designed the iconic red and black jacket in Michael Jackson is Thriller video , which I have never viewed in its entirety , as I find zombies dancing in choreographed synchronicity implausible . And also , it is really scary .
There is no switch . Just listen and learn .
Because the print they are showing on Friday has an additional 21 seconds of previously unseen footage .
Did Leonard ? I am no expert , but I believe what we just heard from Penny was sarcasm .  Oh , good . I am eight for 26 this month .
Another way of saying that is the movie starts at midnight , and it is already five o’clock . Let is go .
See ? Howard is on my side .
Drat . Now I am 8 for 27 .
What happened to the Leonard Hofstadter who waited in line with me for 14 hours to see the midnight premiere of Star Trek : Nemesis ?
But how were our seats ?
I rest my case . Amy , do not you agree we should leave now and get in line ?
Shrewd .
Wait , now , we do not know that yet . He is not finished . I have a girlfriend and you do not who ?
Knock knock .
Hugh .
Hugh people need to listen to me . It is time to get in line for the movie . And that is how you tell a knock knock joke .
I informed you thusly .
This is where we could have been if we had not stopped for dinner . This is where we could have been if Koothrappali had not ordered dessert .
And here is where we are . The runts in a large litter , unlikely to ever reach the nourishing teats of Indiana Jones .
What did he say ?
We might not get seats ?
Oh , I informed you thusly . I so informed you thusly .
Well , if it is not Wil Wheaton , the Jar Jar Binks of the Star Trek universe .
Well , you sa can go think that at the back of the line . No cuts , no buts , no coconuts .
Of what ? Poorly executed beards ?
This is Indiana Jones , not Star Trek . There should be no value to his pseudo celebrity here . And even at Star Trek conventions , they only let him in if he helps set up .
I will not calm down . This affront to justice and decency cannot go unanswered . As Captain Jean Luc Picard once said , the line must be drawn here ! This far , no farther !
Listen to what Mr . Wil Wheaton is tweeting . Best seats in house for Raiders screening . Suck on that , Sheldon Cooper .
I believe in knowing my enemy , Leonard . Had Twitter existed at the time , would not General Custer have followed the tweets of Sitting Bull ? Would not Lee have followed Grant ? Would not Spy have followed Spy ? I have more examples , but excuse me .  Hello . Well , this seems like an odd time to test my cell phone quality , but go on . Test phrases ? All right . Imatote . Ulbu . Twad . All together ? I am a total buttwad . Why are you laughing ? Hello ?
Munching on complimentary popcorn . Woot , woot . Oh , the gall . I hope his next tweet is popcorn lodged in trachea , choking to death , woot , woot .
No !
This is nothing but a blatant abuse of power by a petty functionary . Explain to me why Wil Wheaton and his lackeys get in and we do not .
You know what ? I am going back to I told you so . I told you so .
Look , a side door . Come on , Short Round .
You whistled ?
Raiders of the Lost Ark , with 21 additional seconds . If I ca not see it , no one else can see it .
No . Crazy was leaving the projection booth unattended .
Trouble is my middle name , Leonard . Actually , it is Lee , but I prefer Trouble .
Do not worry , Wil Wheaton . I was just leaving .  Da da da da , da da da !
Why is there never a pontoon plane when you need one ?
As usual , you are all wrong . The bravest person in the Marvel Universe is the doctor who gives Wolverine his prostate exam .
Now you just being silly . Wolverine is never displayed the slightest interest in helping others prevent prostate cancer .  Hello . Yes , the elevator is out of order you will have to use the stairs . Of course you can . Pizza dates back to the 16th century , while the first elevator was not installed until 1852 . That means that for over 300 years , people carried pizzas up stairs . Be part of that proud tradition .
Are you sure you have enough comics ? You are going to be monitoring the telescope for 12 hours , and by my estimate , you have only selected seven hours of reading material . That is even factoring in your difficulty in parsing American comic book idioms like Bamf and Snikt .
I do not care for novelty editions of Monopoly . I prefer the classics , regular and Klingon .
You went out in the hallway , stumbled into an interdimensional portal which brought you 5 ,000 years into the future , where you took advantage of the advanced technology to build a time machine , and now you are back to bring us all with you to the year 7010 where we are transported to work at the thinkatorium by telepathically controlled flying dolphins ?
Aw .
Well , who would ever guess that ?
Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . By that standard , Penny is cuckoo for cocoa puffs .
If it will make you feel better , we rarely listen .
I am starting to think we are never going to see that pizza .
Oh , friggety frak . Not this again .
Leonard , Penny , excellent . I had like to say I am very happy that you are back together , and if I can figure out a way to do so and sound sincere , I will . In the meantime , I had like to go over some proposed changes to the roommate agreement specifically to address Penny is annoying personal habits .
Include me in what ? Is there a plot afoot ? I will have no truck with plots .
Uh , we do not discuss anything . Leonard is the signatory to the Roommate Agreement . As such , he bears responsibility for all your infractions and must pay all fines .
Yes . If Penny is going to be spending nights here again , you will need to set up an escrow account . Sign here .
Oh , there you are . Just so you know , I was up all night , but I have finally completed the Penny specific section of the new roommate agreement .
Do you even think about other people , Leonard ? Do you ?
I am going to propose a hypothesis . Last night , Raj accidentally made contact with an alien civilization and has been ordered by the United States government to keep it a secret .
That sounds rehearsed . We are not alone .
Hello .
Clarify something for me . Is not the point of a communal meal the exchange of ideas and opinions ? An opportunity to consider important issues of the day ?
Well , we could argue about who said what all night long , but to set things back on course , I will propose a new topic of conversation .
What is the best number ? By the way , there is only one correct answer .
Wrong . The best number is 73 . You are probably wondering why .
73 is the 21st prime number . Its mirror , 37 , is the 12th , and its mirror , 21 , is the product of multiplying , hang on to your hats , seven and three . Eh ? Eh ? Did I lie ?
Chuck Norris wishes . In binary , 73 is a palindrome , one zero zero one zero zero one which backwards is one zero zero one zero zero one , exactly the same . All Chuck Norris backwards gets you is Sirron Kcuhc .
Are not you slicing that man is brain a little too thin ?
Well , you are the expert . If the correct way to do it is the wrong way , then I yield .
Thank you .
Are you monitoring your circadian rhythms in order to identify your periods of maximum mental acuity ? I did that one summer . Ah , youth .
I had be happy to create a chart and participate in a differential diagnosis .
All right . What were the symptoms ?
Localized to what region ?
Interesting . Not body parts that usually team up . What about environmental factors ? Describe the scene for me .
Who ?
Then why did you ask ?
Who .
All right , let is start over . What did you say when Zack walked in ?
Zack .
Because you keep saying who .
And the answer was Zack , correct ?
All right , I think I have enough to go on . Possible explanations for your symptoms are , in descending order of likelihood , hyperthyroidism , premature menopause , hosting an alien parasite or , and I only include it for the sake of covering absolutely all bases , sexual arousal .
How about your follicle stimulating hormone levels ?
Are you sure ? You said that with the testy bark of an old biddy .
Hang on . I do not know that we have given the alien parasite hypothesis a fair shake .
A cross we all must bear . You know , in difficult moments like this , I often turn to a force greater than myself .
Star Trek . Did you see Star Trek : The Motion Picture ?
Do not . It is terrible . However , in it , we learn that when Spock finds himself drawn off the path of logic by feelings bubbling up from his human half , he suppresses them using the Vulcan mental discipline of Kolinar .
Cheap science fiction ?
Using Kolinar to suppress my anger at that last comment .
I had not considered that . Give me a moment . All right , I have considered it .
I reject it .
I think I will eat my lunch at home .
Oh . As they were incorrectly sliced , you can see how I could mistake them for my sashimi .
The supermarket was out of my regular fabric softener . If this one under or over softens , I will need time to make things right .
The alternative would be to think backwards . And that is just remembering .
Amy is changed . I might have to let her go .
I thought she was a highly evolved creature of pure intellect , like me . But recent events indicate that she may be a slave to her baser urges . Like you .
What insult ?
It is simple biology . There is nothing I can do about it .
What are you suggesting ?
It is illegal to spay a human being .
Oh . Oh ! You mean something I could do .
Well , I was hoping to avoid this . But I might as well get it over with . Thank you , Penny . I will let you know what happens .
Look at this stamp . On what authority are they permitted to mutilate patrons as they enter ?
Little comfort tonight . I look like a Hell is Angel .
Are you sure this is what you want to do ?
Go , Amy Farrah Fowler . Follow your endocrine system .
Please do not drag this out . This is never going to come off .
I am glad you decided to reject your animal hindbrain and return to the realm of pure intellect .
What are you doing ?
Not so fast . Infinite Sheldon .
Yes , Infinite Sheldon defeats all other cards and does not violate the rule against homemade cards because I made it at work .
No , although it is a question I have been pondering since preschool .
Was the starfish wearing boxer shorts ? Because you might have been watching Nickelodeon .
Oh , that is easy enough . We had need a large tank of water , a hoop to jump through , and a bucket of whatever bite sized treats you find tasty .
That is not correct . We were implying it . You then inferred it .
Zack , I am sorry you are stupid . Have a Milk Dud .
Yeah , Milk Duds , with their self deprecating name and remarkably mild flavour , are the most apologetic of the boxed candies .
You are embarrassing yourself .
That is very hurtful .
Milk Dud ?
Literally ? Literally a million years ?
In the bedrooms of ten year old girls , where they belong .
Of course . We are coming as the Justice League of America .
To that point , it occurs to me that we might have an opportunity to finally snare Best Group Costume if we shore up our weak link , which is clearly Leonard as Superman .
That is sad . Let is ask ourselves , is there anyone we know who would make a more manly and convincing son of Krypton ?
I was thinking specifically of the gentleman over there moving his lips as he enjoys the latest exploits of Betty and Veronica .
Why not ? Penny did it .
Congratulations . Zack , how would you like to be Superman ?
Excuse me , I believe Aquaman uses his telepathic powers to request the fish do their business elsewhere .
Complete with bulletproof bracelets and lasso of truth . Invisible plane sold separately .
Amy Farrah Fowler does not believe in wearing costumes . She is not the free spirit I am .
We are going to be late . I am pacing nervously .
This is how the Flash paces .
Oh , I hardly think so . The real caped crusader calls his crime fighting cohorts when he is running late .
I am sorry . But in what universe is Wonder Woman blonde ?
Do not . He is making our case .
Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny ,  Penny .
I am the Flash . I just knocked 30 ,000 times .
I understand why you are upset .
Yes . You are afraid that costume makes you look fat .
Do not worry . Wonder Woman was an Amazon . And Amazons tend to be very beefy gals .
But they are not blonde , so put on your wig . Hello ?
I may have failed .
Obviously , we are no longer a Justice League . We have no choice but to switch to our Muppet Baby costumes .
I am Kermit . You are Scooter .
Yes . And make her wear the black wig . Good luck .
Oh .
What is the bad news ?
Thank you ! Thank you so much !
No , wait ! I have a speech .
Stop counting !
This is my moment , dag nab it !
I am not going to say another word until you people settle down . I am waiting .
We are the Justice League of America . There is only one thing we can do . Turn around and slowly walk away .
I will not say that all senior citizens who ca not master technology should be publicly flogged , but if we made an example of one or two , it might give the others incentive to try harder .
Howard does not . He is only an engineer .
You know , Leonard , that is actually a valid idea . Very good .
No . The two achievements are equally surprising and equally admirable , though if pressed , I had have to give a slight edge to the cat . I will save you the pain and nervousness of waiting for the answer . I agree to be part of your project . Congratulations .
Oh !
Oh , dear Lord , shush .
You have so few good ideas , Leonard . And you are just going to spill the beans in front of an outsider ?
Of Texas .
Hardly . Consider this unlikely but very plausible scenario . A young woman alone in the big city . Her ridiculous dream of becoming an actress lies shattered about her .
Then it hits her . How is she going to survive ? I mean , she has no prospects , no marketable skills . And then one day , she meets a group of geniuses and their friend Howard .
She befriends them , and then lies in wait until they reveal a marketable idea , which she steals and sells to the highest bidder .
Oh , is it ? Well let is see you come up with an explanation as to why this woman hangs out with us all the time .
All right , I have taken the liberty of drafting these workflow charts which outline our various duties and the path we will follow as we develop our ground breaking new app .
A customer service representative with an Indian accent will create the impression we are a vast enterprise that uses overseas call centres .
Duly noted , Steve from Wichita .
Because the word secretary has fallen into disrepute . FYI , my mother is birthday is coming up . I am going to need you to pick up a present .
Leonard , please , we can talk during our break . We have one coming up at midnight . We will need snacks .
Oh , of course you are . Look at the organizational chart . You are clearly listed as founder .
You missed Chief Science Officer , Chairman of the Board , and Head of the Secret Santa Committee .
All right . All right , I am not going to argue with you . Sheldon Cooper is nothing if not a team player . Dr . Hofstadter , you have the conn .
Oh , dear Lord , we are doomed .
Good one , s .
This diagram . I assume you were opening with a joke . It certainly buoyed up this employee is esprit de corps .
In that case , may I offer 27 little tweaks to make it slightly less embarrassing ?
Oh , I am , I am sorry . I assumed that you wanted candid truth telling from your employees , but I realize now , you want the mindless nattering of complacent yes men .
If you say so , s .
How about this for the app name ? The Surprisingly Helpful Equation Linked Differential Optimized Numerator .
Does it ? A happy accident .
All right , fine . If we are not going to give it a name , can we at least give it a secret code designation ?
Well , but hear me out . The atomic bomb was The Manhattan Project . Windows 95 was originally Project Chicago . For our app , I would humbly suggest Project Nodlehs .
Another happy accident .
I see . Is that decision open for discussion ?
Is the decision to not discuss it open for discussion ?
I call for a vote of no confidence and an immediate change in leadership .
When in the course of human events , it becomes necessary to dissolve the bonds that tie three competent scientists together…
All right , let is get right to the vote . Show of hands all those opposed to Leonard and his reign of tyranny .
Really ? Why ?
I see . And is that open for discussion ?
Oh . Good morning , shoemaker . I think you will be pleased with what the elves were up to last night .
Oh , I know . I am now an independent contractor .
But I made it better .
Well , that speaks volumes , does not it ? All right , I suppose I will go put on my bus pants .
They are pants one wears over one is regular pants when one sits on bus seats that other people have previously sat on . But perhaps from your lofty heights atop the corporate ladder , you have lost touch with the struggles of the common man .
Except you identified me , your best friend , as a gangrenous limb that needed to be severed from the organism and tossed away . The desperate act of a little man with a big Napoleon complex .
Good morning , Friend Howard . Friend Raj . I see you gentlemen are enjoying beverages . Perhaps they would taste better out of these .
Do not thank me . You earned it .
I am sorry . I typed that into the label maker , but I just could not press enter . Now down to business . What would it take for you to abandon Leonard and join me in a rival company ? Unless , of course , the mugs are sufficient , in which case , welcome aboard .
I understand . And your loyalty is admirable . But what if I were to up the ante ?
Monogrammed key chains with a built in laser pointer . No ? How about can cosies emblazoned with our university mascot ? Go , Beavers . I will be back .
Greetings , gentlemen . How goes your little project ?
Ah , a combination of all your names . Very clever . I assume Koothranardowitz was taken ?
Oh , well then , by all means , carry on . I would not want to impede your progress .
Playing the theremin .
Playing it . I have loved the theremin from the first moment I heard the original Star Trek theme . And it is been killing me that it just sits in my closet , gathering dust .
That is all right . I can barely hear you over my theremin .  Well , that was a little uncalled for .
So , your project is more important than mine ?
Do not beat around the bush , Leonard . If you do not want me here , just say the word , and I will leave .
I am practicing my theremin .
Leonard kicked me out of my own apartment . And his app team .
He would not drive me to work today . I had to wear my bus pants .
Yes . And they are still sticky .
Probably going to have to throw them away .
With you ?
Is it better than your idea to move to Los Angeles and become a famous actress ?
That is your app idea ?
I did not say that . But no , I do not .
Oh , Penny , where do I begin ? The simple mindedness of your idea is exceeded only by its crass consumerism and banality .
I know , it is baffling .  Nobody knows the trouble I have seen .
Do you make it with milk or water ?
Real cocoa ?
Do you have those little marshmallows ?
Well , I suppose it is appropriate .
A disappointing drink for a disappointing day .
Really ? Leonard wants me back ?
Well , we sure saw that coming .
You know what I am going to do ? I am going to sit here and just let them stew .
How ?
Oh , no . Mrs . Mary Cooper did not raise her no liars .
No .
I was being sarcastic .
Of course . He will hear it as an attempt to mend fences , as opposed to the withering condemnation you and I will know it to be .
Oh , by the way , thank you for the delicious cocoa .
Boy , I am getting good at this .
Before you begin , let me say again how deeply sorry I am for my earlier behaviour and how much I respect and admire your leadership .
Well , I must say , I am impressed .
You all have clearly put in a lot of hard work .
As a result , you have taken the most important step on the road to success , learning what not to do . Now , let is start fresh . Howard , we are going to need some tea .
Bored .
Algorithm . You see , Penny , Alan Turing defined an algorithm…
Since we come in every Tuesday night at six o’clock and order the same exact thing , and it is now six oh eight , I believe your question not only answers itself but also stands alongside such other nonsensical queries as who let the dogs out ? and , uh , How are they hanging ?
Probably serving food that was ordered today .
In order to take a vacation , one first has to work .
I trust Penny will adhere to the Official California Restaurant Workers’ Solemn Oath of Ethics and Cleanliness .”
You lied to me ?
Raj ? What are you doing ? I do not think so . You have had your allotted six ounces . The first bathroom break is not until the Denny is located near Bakersfield , which is approximately two and half hours away . Remember , people , we are only as strong as our weakest bladder .
All right . We have seven people , and two cars . In the lead car , driven by Leonard , will be myself , Amy Farrah Fowler and Penny .
She made the case that if we break down in the middle of nowhere , your Nebraska backwoods skills and brawny hands will give us the best chance to survive in the wild .
It is eleven fifteen . I am requesting your quarter hourly location update .
Copy that , Red Five . Radio contact is sufficient . No need to extend your middle finger .
Indeed . Nothing sours a friendship more than over familiarity with someone is toilet routine .
No . Amy ?
No .
Amy , it is Penny is turn . Penny ?
That is not apropos . We have already established I am found in the periodic table .
I knew she was not lead car material .
Leonard .
Although Road Trip God does have a certain ring to it .
Please tell me you are not having coitus .
Can you guarantee that it will not happen at any time during the night ?
Raj ?  Raj ?  Raj ? I need to sleep here tonight .
Howard is a complete and total ass , Bernadette is in Penny is bed , Amy bites , and Penny may or may not have coitus with Leonard .
Good morning and welcome to Science and Society . I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper , BS , MS , MA , PhD , and ScD . OMG , right ? Perhaps that joke was a little too hippie dippy for this crowd . All right then , we will begin with opening remarks . Miss Rostenkowski , would you like to start us off by discussing your assessment of science is responsibility to society ?
Dr . Koothrappali , would you care to join the conversation ?
Excuse me . We are not taking comments or questions from the audience just yet .
All right , why do not we see if we can bring this back to topic .
I guess not .
All right , why do not we open it up to Q&A from the audience ?
Must be out of range .
Good evening . I am your guest lecturer , Dr . Sheldon Cooper . I was expecting applause , but I suppose stunned silence is equally appropriate . I agreed to speak to you this evening , because I was told that you are the best and the brightest of this university is doctoral candidates . Hmm . Of course , that is like saying you are the most important electron in a hydrogen atom . ‘Cause , you see , there is only one electron in a hydrogen atom . Best and brightest , my sweet patootie . All right , let is begin . Show of hands , who here is familiar with the concept of topological insulators ? Do not kid yourselves .
Good evening , Leonard , Howard , Raj , freeloader .
Oh , yes , you should have seen those young people . Thirsty for knowledge , drinking in my wisdom . I may have changed a few lives today .
Tell me what ?
Oh , tweets about my lecture . Hmm . That is rather unfair . That is downright cruel . Plus , insects have six legs . Yeah , I am not familiar with the acronym KMN .
Well , I suppose everyone is entitled to their own opinion . I think I will turn in . I did not want to teach those poopy heads , anyway .
It is a charming illusion , but it does not cheer me up .
No .
Do you realize that teaching is the first thing I have failed at since my ill fated attempt to complete a chin up in March of 1989 ?
For instance ?
Hmm , no . One slip of the hand , and suddenly I am sitting in the Engineering Department , building doodads with Wolowitz .
Is not that their burden ? I am the one with something interesting to say .
I sense that you are trying to slow walk me to an epiphany . Would you mind very much jumping to it ?
Acting lessons . Interesting . It might help if I could act as though I care about my students and whether or not they learn .
You are an  actress , correct ?
All right . You are an actress . I need you to teach me .
Perhaps two . I had like to master the craft .
It has been suggested to me that acting techniques could improve my lecturing , at which , if certain tweets and blogs are to be believed , I suck the big one .
So , when could we start ?
I suppose that is one way to look at it .
Are you going to help me or not ?
Oh , I am sorry , I thought making the transition from actor to acting teacher was the signal that one is career had reached the end of the road .
I will pay you 40 dollars .
Penny .  Penny .  Penny .
Nothing . I was acting .
Yes . In preparation for today is studies , I read Stanislavski is An Actor Prepares , Stella Adler is
How shall we begin ?
All right .
Penny , my body and I have a relationship that works best when we maintain a cool , wary distance from each other .
You are the teacher .
Why not ? It seems like you are improvising your entire curriculum .
Gotcha .
All right .
Action .
Hey , you taught me something . Who would have thought it ?
I had like a frozen yogurt , please .
Yeah .
You do ?
All right . Yes . I see a sign . It says Camarillo State Mental Hospital .
It is the only explanation I can come up with for why you think you sell shoes and yogurt .
Oh , and we are going to use props ?
You have any frozen yogurt ?
Yes . I did not care for it .
So is the McRib sandwich . I do not care for that , either .
I am glad you asked . I took the liberty of adapting a Star Trek fan fiction novella I wrote when I was ten into a one act play .
Why do not we leave that for future generations to decide ?
It is the story of a young boy who is transported from the ignorant backwoods of East Texas to the 23rd Century , where his genius is not only appreciated , but celebrated .
Now , in this pivotal scene , Sheldon is mother , played by you , argues with an emissary of the United Federation of Planets , Mr . Spock , the role I will bring to life .
Why would we want to do that ? It is called the comfort zone for a reason .
I am sorry . You will be Spock ?
Very well . I will set the scene .
East Texas . A warm summer night . A woman , Mary , stands on a porch . In the distance , we hear a lonesome train whistle . Woo woo . The droning buzz of cicadas . Zzzzzzzzz . A coyote howls at the moon , frightening sensitive young boys everywhere . Aw aw aw ! Out in the woods , an owl screeches .
Hoo !
Shelly ! Shelly , how many times have I told you not to leave your sciencey stuff out on the porch ? Goodness , I will never understand that boy . But then again , I am a religious nut , and my mind is closed to so many things .
Glory be to Heaven , some sort of creature just manifested out of thin air . George , put down that Pepsi can full of bourbon that ai not foolin’ no one , and get your shotgun !
I am sorry . I just do not buy it .
Oh , my , your sudden appearance startles me .
I understand . Oh , Shelly ? A man is here to take you away to the future ! Be sure to pack clean underwear .”
Why ?
Yes , but he is going to a better place where he will not get beat up . So much .
I am sorry . I just love that line . Even the way you do it .
Oh , Shelly ? A man is here to take you away to the future . Be sure to pack clean underwear .
Mommy , why are you crying ? ‘Cause I am gonna miss you , Shelly bean , even though you creep the bejeezus out of me .
Well I am sorry . It is not my fault . I am just incredibly smart , and everyone around here is dumber than a bag of rocks . Oh , now , do not you start crying . You get in that spaceship . Mommy is late for Indian bingo .
Mommy , I love you . Do not let Spock take me to the future !
Well groomed vampires meet in pairs and shave each other . Case closed .
Perhaps he is emulating Shakespeare is Henry V , who dressed as a commoner and mingled among them , to find out how he was being perceived by his subjects . Course , if he had have read any of the thirteen hundred e mails I have sent him on the subject of his administration , he could have saved himself the trouble .
That depends , how much longer do you plan on fondling my shoulder ?
It is not a touch phobia , it is a germ phobia . If you had like to go put on a pair of latex gloves ,
Hold on . Just because the nice man is offering you candy , does not mean you should jump into his windowless van . What is the occasion ?
Aha ! The tear stained air mattress in the back of the van .
I do not care , it is demeaning . And I refuse to be trotted out and shown off like a prize hog at the Texas State Fair . Which , by the way , is something you do not want to attend wearing a Star Trek ensign is uniform .
Ugh !
Sheldon is not going .
Tell him Dr . Cooper feels that the best use of his time is to employ his rare and precious mental faculties to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of God .
Do not tell him that , tell him the mask thing .
And so , instead of bowing to pressure , and going to that pointless soiree , I stayed right here and did a load of whites .
Unlikely . But make your case . Keeping in mind that your critical attitude is ruining our Saturday night together , and I am not above minimizing your window .
That is it . Prepare to be minimized .
Well , that explains those puzzling camel race photos on your Facebook page .
Are you trying to scare me ? ‘Cause you are succeeding .
Oh , dear ,not , not the dirt people !
No !
Oh , the humanities !
An entire dinner to talk about your research ? Where you going , the drive thru at Jack in the Box ?
Okay , I see what is happening .
My stature intimidates her , so she is using you to get to me . Crafty old gal .
No , that ca not be it . And since you seem to have forgotten , the reason we live together is we are best friends . And I got your back , Jack .
You know , it is a shame , all that work she is doing to get sober , only to be torn apart and eaten alive .
No . But we have potatoes , I could make you vodka . It will take two weeks .
Oh , wow !
Why ?
Excellent ! What are you planning to wear ?
Penny , you are an expert on trading sexual favours for material gain , walk him through this .
But we need a cryogenic centrifugal pump .
Well , come now , Leonard , this may be your only chance to make a real contribution to science !
It was a compliment . I believe in giving credit where credit is due .
Hold on , I have something for you .
Just a few things you may need tonight . There is , uh , baby oil , condoms and , uh , a little something I procured from the school of pharmacology . They say it is to Viagra as Viagra is to a green M&M .
Maybe this will overcome your reluctance . I went on the Internet and found a photograph of a 25 year old Mrs . Latham to get your libido humming . Check out those saddle shoes . Rar !
Oh , come on ! Why not ?
Given how much time you spend engaging in pointless self abuse , you might consider , just this once , using your genitalia to actually accomplish something !
No . But thank you for asking .
What is going on ?
Are you just getting home ?
That is a good sign , right ?
I am so proud of you ! You sold yourself out like a common streetwalker !
She stiffed you ?
What ?
Smart . Get paid up front . Yeah , I think you have a real knack for gigolo work , Leonard .
That is a good idea , get your rest . There are a lot more rich old ladies out there , and Daddy needs a new linear accelerator . And I thought he did not learn anything from his relationship with you .
Another compliment ! Learn to recognize them .
What is going on ?
Did you offer him a hot beverage ?
Leonard , social protocol states when a friend is upset , you offer them a hot beverage , such as tea .
You heard the man , Leonard . And while you are at it , I am upset that we have an unannounced houseguest , so make me cocoa . Point of inquiry , given that Leonard is your secondary friend and Koothrappali is your primary friend , why did not you seek refuge under his roof ?
Cocoa , Leonard . Focus . I am down in the dumps here .
Do not worry . As your tertiary friend , I am prepared to step in and comfort you .
No , no . I will finish making the tea , while you narcissistically ramble on about whatever is troubling you .
That is what tertiary friends are for .
Would you be sleeping over again this evening ? Because you are welcome to .
Well , just keep in mind that should you ever need a slightly apathetic tertiary friend , I stand at the ready .
Hello .
Actually , he can . The Hindu Code of Manu is very clear in these matters . If a woman is father is not around , the duty of controlling her base desires falls to the closest male member of her family , in this case , Raj . The code also states that if she disobeys , she will be reborn in the womb of a jackal and tormented by diseases . If true , that seems like an awfully large gamble given that the prize is Leonard .
Priya , if you are experiencing any tension or awkwardness , it may stem from the fact that Leonard and Penny used to , if I may quote Howard , do the dance with no pants .
That is remarkable . If pepperoni were an explosive substance , you could replace German shepherds at our nation is airports .
No , no . It is not an imposition . At this point , in our ecosystem , you are akin to the plover , a small scavenging bird that eats extra food from between the teeth of crocodiles . Please , fly into our open maw , and have at it .
Did you get the part ?
Given the state of your career , can you really afford to be picky ?
It is actually Thai . You are slipping .
They went to Catalina for the weekend .
At home , forbidding it .
I am given to understand his mother grounded him for running away .
Actually , it is the three of us .
Right . I will make tea .
Buona sera , Luigi is Pizza . Buona sera . It means good evening in Italian . May I say , having to explain that to you calls into question the authenticity of your ristorante ?
Un momento . Oh , for heaven is sake , now you are being deliberately stupid .  Where are you going ?
But tonight is Thursday . On Thursdays , everybody comes over here and has pizza . Or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming to be Luigi , but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan .
We could . We could also stop using the letter M , but I think that idea is isguided and oronic .
Well , I do not want to go to a party .
I am sorry , but five people eating and chatting is a party .
Because we do not throw parties .
Well , no , sir , and do you know why ? In a word , tradition . Every Thursday night for the last eight years , you and I and our friends have gathered here in this very spot to break bread covered with cheese and sauce , discuss the issues of the day , and yes , share a laugh or two . But I guess our rich heritage means nothing to you .
Wait ! Leonard ! Wait ! What am I going to do for dinner ?
I ca not do that . What if he serves haggis and blood pudding ?
But what if he does ? I will be obliged to dine on liver and lungs stuffed in a sheep is stomach . And frankly , blood pudding is essentially the same thing . I do not know why he is serving both .
No , I will go to your haggis party . But I am telling you , this is adness . This is utter and coplete adness .
Raj is television . I just realized we are about to spend an evening watching a plasma screen with a cluster of dead pixels in the upper left hand corner .
And be a social pariah ? Oh , you know that is not my style .
The audible sigh is a show of exasperation , right ?
Is it about me or the dead pixels ?
Oh , Indians making Tex Mex . Might as well have had the Chinese pizza .
Excuse me . Before this evening goes any further , we need to decide where everyone is going to sit .
Oh , what fun . We are like hippies at a love in .
Yeah , right on , man . Right on . Oh , look , it is Harry Potter and 98% of The Sorcerer is Stone .
Wonderful . Dinner , some assembly required .
A margarita ? Where are we ? What is happening ?
Water . Neat . With a little umbrella .
Sadly , Penny , this evening , I am the Dark Knight , roaming these mean streets alone . A windbreaker for my cape , and a stern expression for my cowl .
Excuse me ? Is not this the point where the world weary barkeep absentmindedly wipes down the bar and coaxes the woes out of the troubled patron ?
I do not think your heart is in it , but since you asked . Apparently , because Leonard is dating Raj is sister , we are all forced to hang out at his apartment .
Indeed . Yeah , at one point , Raj put on reggae music , and his sister took off her shoes . It was like the last days of Caligula .  Oh , I have to get this . Umbrella ?
Wonder what she is exasperated about . Hello ?
Yes , I was in a taxi , but the driver did not look at all like the photograph on his license , so I leapt out and ran for it .
Do not worry . My problems can wait while you two hens finish your clucking .
Cluck cluck cluck .
Leonard the nucleus ? That makes no sense . I am the whimsical elf that everyone looks to for a good time .
I am setting out snacks .
I did not say the snacks were for you now , did I , Nosy Rosie ?
Yes . Must be killing you wondering who . Fine , I will tell you . Stuart from the comic bookstore , Barry Kripke from the university , Penny is ex boyfriend Zack and TV is LeVar Burton .
Possibly . I Tweeted him .
Please , Leonard , stop trying to horn in on my new friends .
Leonard .
We had a good run , you and I .
But change is a part of life .
Okay . I have guests coming . I am afraid I am going to have to ask you to leave now .
Do not make this harder than it is , Leonard .
And good bye to you , sir . He will be back .
That is very nice , Stuart . Zack ?
Of course . Barry ?
Patience , patience , Barry . The whaffle… the raffle is the grand finale to an evening long festival of fun and folly .
Yes , you must be present to win .
Question . Was it a Jacuzzi or a hot tub ?
Jacuzzi is a commercial brand . Hot tub is the generic term , i .e , all Jacuzzis are hot tubs , but not all hot tubs are Jacuzzis .
Surprisingly , yes .
The water level rose .
Of course it did . It is said that Archimedes , the ancient Greek mathematician , discovered the principle of displacement while taking a bath .
Forgive me , but I think you will find my story is more interesting .
Better . It has a gold crown . You see , the king wondered how much gold was in it and charged Archimedes with coming up with the solution . Because the crown was irregularly shaped , there was no way to mathematically determine its volume . But , while bathing , Archimedes realized he could immerse the crown and measure the amount the water rose .
When he finished , he shouted Eureka !
All right , that concludes the getting to know you portion of the evening . Who is ready to play some vintage video games ? And tonight is selections include ColecoVision is Smurf Rescue in Gargamel is Castle , Atari is Cookie Monster Munch , and for you text adventure aficionados , Zork . Pick me , pick me . I am fun .
I am unhappy .
No .
Thank you .
I had to leave . They were having fun wrong .
Thank you .
Are there beans in it ?
Then it is not chili . Real chili has no beans in it , but you are from a foreign land , so your ignorance is forgiven .
Yes , please . Your girlfriend is a little short tempered .
Priya , do you know why this is called a toast ?
She is also a bit of a know it all . Mmm . This is good . Whatever it is .
Howard , if I may interject here with a piece of friendly advice . Is working on magic tricks really how you want to spend your time ? Granted , you are just an engineer , but that does not mean you might not someday build a geegaw or a thingamabob that may get you a thank you in someone else is Nobel prize acceptance speech .
Is it any wonder he does not have a doctorate ?
It is not cool . It is a childish trick designed to confuse and intrigue simpletons . How had you do it ?
Fine . Give me a second .
It is not amazing . All magic tricks are merely a combination of manipulation and misdirection with the occasional dwarf in a box wiggling his feet .
Well , I do not care how you did it . I have more important things to think about . Clearly , the cards are marked .
I do . You just happen to have caught me on a break . Oh , let me see those cards .
Not knowing is part of the fun . Was that the motto of your community college ?
This deck is rigged in some fashion .
So you are saying this is a regulation deck ?
Um…
Oh , oh , please , if I do not know , you do not know . That is axiomatic .
Leonard ?  Leonard ?  Leonard ?
I think I figured out Wolowitz is magic trick , and I need you to pick a card .
As you wish .  Pick a card , put it back , and prepare to be amazed .  Did you pick one ?
Is this your card ?
Drat . Is this your card ?
I will be right back .
I am reverse engineering Wolowitz is magic trick .
I am measuring residual heat levels on the playing cards to determine which one is been touched . By the way , if you hope to have children , I suggest you switch from briefs to boxers . Your testicles look a tad warm .
Yes . I am using their Cray Supercomputer to analyze shuffling patterns .
Relax , we are not under attack right now .
And is this my card ? Rats ! I wonder if Howard used a radioactive tracer . Where am I going to find Uranium 235 this time of night ? Come on , Craigslist .
Oh , I have been meaning to tell you , I figured out your magic trick .
Oh , yes . In fact , I improved upon it .
All right . Pick a card .
Bippity boppity boo .
The wand is called showmanship , and the beep is none of your business . Oh ! Excuse me , I am getting a text message completely unrelated to this magic trick . Oh , look , my dry cleaning is ready . And your card was the five of spades . Ta da .
I said , ta da . Show is over .
That does it . I am getting uranium .
Hello .
Apparently , you ca not hack into a government supercomputer and then try to buy uranium without the Department of Homeland Security tattling to your mother .
Figure out the magic trick yet ?
No .
Hang on . This time do it with me , so I can make sure there is no monkey business .
I hate you .
Why hast thou forsaken me , O deity whose existence I doubt ?
They stole everything , Leonard , everything .
What did not they get ? They got my enchanted weapons , my vicious gladiator armour , my wand of untainted power , and all my gold .
What choice did I have ? The mighty Sheldor , level 85 blood elf , hero of the Eastern kingdoms , has been picked clean , like a carcass in the desert sun . Plus , the FBI hung up on me .
They took my battle ostrich .
Yes , Glenn ! The only bird I ever loved .
Wait a minute ! You are not going to do anything ?
Doctor Cooper .
That is from Avatar , World of Warcraft takes place in Azeroth . Goodness gracious , how are you allowed to carry a gun ? Can you at least refer me to a rogue ex cop ?
You know , one who was drummed off the force because he refused to play by the rules , and now he hires himself out to impose his own brand of rough justice ?
It is all gone . All gone .
What kind of world do we live in , where a man would take another man is battle ostrich ?
This act of aggression must be met with swift and cruel ferocity . It is time to cry havoc , and let slip the dogs of war .
See if Raj is done with Pilates .
Oh ! There is not enough camomile tea in the world to quell the rage in my heart .
Can we trust him ?
No . Glenn is was leather . He was a simple ostrich . Is ! Is , I have not given up hope .
That game ? Excuse me , Penny , but Doodle Jump is a game . Angry Birds is a game . World of Warcraft is a massively multi player online role playing… all right , technically it is a game .
Stale pastry is hollow succour to a man who is bereft of ostrich .
I thought I just did .
Be ruthless . You tell him if he does not start talking , we will register a complaint with his Internet service provider .
I do not care ! I am losin’ it , man !
And people think I do not get sarcasm .
What ?
I have never said these words before , but good job , Howard !
The name and the address drip with evil .
Excellent ! It is in a cul de sac . We can box him in .
Carlsbad is only a couple of hours away .
I do not know if you have been following the news , Leonard , but there have been some terrific advancements in the field of torture .
Fine , we will abide by the Geneva Convention . But ask yourself this , in the course of our lives , how much lunch money has been taken from us ? How many kites ? How many Scooby Doo Trapper Keepers ?
Of course you did . It was a fun and practical way of organizing your school work . But the bullies took it from us . Well , no more . Tonight , we take back our dignity , our birthright and our pride . What do you say ? Who is with me ?
Sure .
One moment .  I am hell bent on catching a cyber criminal , not the common cold .
That is uncanny .
Sea World is better . It has Shamu , who is literally tons of fun . But for the moment , let is stay focused on Todd Zarnecki .
I almost feel sorry for the poor fool , sitting in his split level suburban ranch , unaware that a vengeful horde is barrelling down the San Diego Freeway at 71 miles an hour . Ease up there , lead foot . You trying to get us killed ?
This says Beyonce Bootylicious Dance Mix .
We are winged fury ! Which is still no excuse for going over the posted speed limit .
I always prefer the train .
Coming .
No weapon strikes more fear into a man is heart than a Klingon bat’leth .
So my blade shall not taste blood tonight ?
Well , now I just feel silly holding it .
Can I at least kick down the door ?
Your doom !
Good point . Basket of puppies .
Are you Todd Zarnecki ?
I am Sheldor of Azeroth . I want my things back .
Careful . That is a collectible .
Well , he is even more cunning than we thought .
Of course .
No .
It had be swell if they had a train .
No . We failed in our noble quest .
Todd Zarnecki was mean .
We did it ! I said , we .
Hysterical .
Agreed . Wait till you hear how he dumbs down Werner Heisenberg for the crowd . You may actually believe you are in a comedy club .
Ba dum bump .
Really , Amy ? Gossip ? I am disappointed in you .
Forgive my language , but poppycock .
Fine . In the parlance of the urban music scene , what is the 4 1 1 ?
I believe our nation is tuna cans are safe . Excuse me . Dr . Greene , question ?
You have dedicated your life is work to educating the general populace about complex scientific ideas .
Have you ever considered trying to do something useful ? Perhaps , reading to the elderly ?
Yeah , but not your books . Something they might enjoy . I kid , of course . Big fan .
Thank you . My father taught me archery as a child . It is odd how the activity brings back the smell of Kmart bourbon .
I know . What an elf I would have made . Whoo , what do you think you are doing ?
With what ?
Really ? I did not see you draw one from your quiver .
Leonard , the people at Nintendo can only go so far in helping us recreate an actual athletic experience . We have to do our part , too .  That was uncalled for , but I will play along . Ow ! I had an unusual experience with Amy last night .
She was attempting to engage me in gossip .
Yes . I think prolonged exposure to Penny has turned her into a bit of a Gabby Gertie .
Oh , please , I was just pointing it out . I have no desire to engage in the activity .
All right , get this . Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard .
Mm , it is hard to say . I can only speculate based on the data I collected watching my parents’ marriage implode . In that case , the woman dives into religion , while the man dives into a bottle blonde bartender who tries to buy my love with action figures . Oop ! Out of arrows .
I have been thinking about Dr . Greene is efforts to make science palatable for the masses .
That is all . I have just been thinking about it . Now , I am thinking about fractal equations . Now I am thinking about the origin of the phrase train of thought . Now I am thinking about trains .
Now I am thinking about Jell O .
Why are you smiling ?
Oh , I am back to trains . Woo woo .
No .
Have you learned anything ?
If you do not mind , I had like to stop listening to you and start talking .
Howard has announced his intention to propose marriage to Bernadette .
I know . The group consensus is that his proposal will be met with an humiliating , soul crushing rejection . Everyone was set a twitter . Although oddly , no one tweeted .
I am familiar with everything , but go on .
I am no stranger to memetic epidemiology . At Johnson Elementary School , the phrase Shelly Cooper is a smelly pooper spread like wildfire .
Your meme hypothesis does intrigue me . How might we examine this more closely ?
It is one of the few forms of interaction with people that I do not find repellent .
And a second non tantalizing piece to use as a control .
Look at you , getting me to engage in the social sciences . You are a vixen , Amy Farrah Fowler .
Hey .
Interesting . A friendly sentiment in this country , cruel taunt in the Sudan . It is a lesson in context .
Yes , I believe so .
Yes . Why do you ask ?
Did he mean as if she had been out in the sun , tending an herb garden without wearing a hat or sunblock ?
Well , we may never know . As my mother would say , the Asians are an inscrutable folk . Now , if you will excuse me , I have work to do .
Did you get that ?
This is moving faster than we thought .
I must say , Amy , pretending to have intercourse with you is giving me a great deal of satisfaction .
Pun intended ?
This is remarkable . Took less than 24 hours .
Interesting . So it went beyond the mere fact of coitus to a blow by blow , as it were .
I am sorry . What pun ?
I wish you had not done that . That is going to make me a chick magnet , and I am so busy as it is .
Perhaps your talk of my sexual prowess renewed her faith in love .
Leonard , are you in the shower ?
I asked if you were in the shower , but that is moot now .
Moot . Rendered unimportant by recent events .
I have to skip the chitchat . Emergency .
Mathematical . 32 ounce banana smoothie , 16 ounce bladder .
I assure you I do .
What ?
What are you doing in there ? She ca not be in here .
According to the roommate agreement , paragraph nine , subsection B , the right to bathroom privacy is suspended in the event of force majeure . And believe me , I am experiencing a very majeure force .
Come on , you ca not wait two minutes ?
Move . Move . Move !
Very well . Count the first , on or about the 28th day of April , the accused did knowingly and with malice aforethought deny access to the shared bathroom in a time of emergency , to wit , my back teeth were floating . Count the second , the accused exceeded the agreed upon occupancy of the shower , to wit , one , unless we are under attack by water soluble aliens .
Um , it is fairly technical .
Do so , do so .
Oh , that is ridiculous . A bathroom emergency is self explanatory .
Irrelevant . Leonard does not trim his nose hair . He thinks because he is short nobody can see up there .
But…
This is not over .
What is that you are eating ? Tonight is pizza night .
Yes , and when Franconi is went out of business , we switched to Graziano is .
No .
This is Greek food ? Leonard , you hate Greek food .
Fine . I am nothing if not adaptable .
Thank you . If you think about it , Greek food is not that far from italian food . They share a spice palette . And what a civilization is the Greeks . They gave us science , democracy , and little cubes of charred meat that taste like sweat .
The mean Indian lady tried to make me eat lamb . Congratulations . Pizza night will now be at your apartment . Order one .
A girls night ? Oh , I do not know if I am up for an evening talking about rainbows , unicorns and menstrual cramps .
Shotgun .
Really , Amy ? Tobacco and alcohol ? Need I remind you not a lot of scientific discoveries were made by people having a good time ?
It is talc . But as that is a primary ingredient of baby powder , I understand your confusion .
I do not know how to process that .
Other than my mother , my sister and my mee maw , no . But in the interest of full disclosure , I was once on a bus and had to give mouth to mouth resuscitation to an elderly nun who passed out from heat exhaustion . Every year I get a Christmas card from her , signed with far too many X is and O is .
Thank you . Not necessary . We know everything there is to know about kissing . It requires 34 facial muscles and 112 postural muscles .
I am certainly glad no one said they were curious about Aztec human sacrifice .
No , thank you , but for the record , I am an excellent dancer . Proficient in the rumba , waltz and cha cha .
I do not see why that is surprising . I excel at so many things . You have had my sourdough bread .
Against my will . In the South , pre adolescent children are forced through a process called cotillion , which indoctrinates them with all the social graces and dance skills needed to function in 18th century Vienna .
No , you most certainly are not .
I saved a nun is life . Why am I being punished ?
Waltz . It is a social dance from Austria , choreographed to a three four time signature .
What happened to you ?
What is 16 times 14 ?
And there is your answer .
If you are referring to the beverage , you know I do not drink . If you are referring to the hat you don while wearing a nightshirt and holding a candle , I have one .
It is hard to say no to yoo hoo . The name literally beckons .
Thank you . Is someone smoking ?
You own a smoking monkey ?
What is he doing here ?
Remarkable . Are not you worried about secondhand smoke ?
is he deliberately blowing smoke at me ?
Thank you . May I share something with you that is troubling me ?
Priya has essentially nullified my roommate agreement with Leonard , making life in the apartment very uncomfortable for me .
No , of course not .
I understand the alcohol has stirred up whatever it is that makes girls go wild , but I really need to talk to smart Amy now .
No .
Well , when challenged , monkeys generally assert their dominance through chasing , assault and a stylized penile display . That is a little outside my comfort zone .
Are you suggesting I play dirty ?
Fascinating .
Oh , good , you are up . I have written a new and improved roommate agreement that benefits me greatly . I had like you to sign it .
Excellent question . Do you remember what happened to the alien , played by talented character actor Frank Gorshin , in the Star Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield ?
Affirmative . Computer , this is Dr . Sheldon Cooper . Activate self destruct sequence . Code 1 1 A 2 B .
That was my first thought , but all my cool stuff is here .
Unless Leonard signs the new agreement in the next 41 seconds , this computer will send an e mail to your parents in India saying that you are in a secret relationship with the whiter than marshmallow fluff Leonard Hofstadter .
20 seconds .
He does that all the time , does not he ? 15 .
I never bluff . Ten .
Nine .
Eight .
It is a laptop with a full charge . Honestly , what do you see in him ?
Three .
Two .
You may have gone to Cambridge , but I am an honorary graduate of Starfleet academy .
Are you experiencing dehydration , headache , nausea and shame ?
Ah , memory impairment , the free prize at the bottom of every vodka bottle .
All right . Last night you gave me some excellent advice regarding my problem here at home , you kissed me and then vomited on and off for 40 minutes , following which you passed out on your bathroom floor . I then folded a towel under your head as a pillow , set your oven clock to the correct time because it was driving me crazy , and I left .
I suggest we treat our relationship as if it were a crashed computer and restore it to the last point we both agree it worked .
Good news . I finally have a handle on my idea for three person chess .
Uh , do you know how I solved the balanced centre combat area problem ? Five words , transitional quadrilateral to triangular tessellation .
It is what I do . But wait , there is more . I also invented two new chess pieces . The serpent , and the old woman .
When the serpent slithers to an opposing player is piece , that piece is considered poisoned and will die after two more moves . Ugh .
Unless , it gets to the old woman in time , in which case she sucks out the poison , turning her into the Grand Empress , a piece combining the power of the knight , queen and serpent .
That is because it is simple .
And…
And a third person . It is three person chess . I must say , ever since you started having regular intercourse , your mind has lost its keen edge . You should reflect on that .
Yes , and he never unified gravity with the other forces . If he had not been such a hound dog , we had all have time machines .
You know I am right .
Knight to old woman six and a third . Brilliant move . Thank you .  Will the two of you excuse me ?
Sorry , I have company .
I do not want to hug you .
Blue , as in depressed .
I do not know what colour lonely is .
Red is angry , yellow is frightened , green is jealous and blue is depressed . Perhaps we can assign a colour to lonely .
All right . Come in . You look positively orange with loneliness . No , I do not see that catching on at all .
I am working on my three person chess game .
It is three person chess . Did you bring a friend ?
Then as a mental exercise I invite you to figure out why the two of us ca not play three person chess . Can you believe this guy ? Social protocol does , however , require me to bring you a hot beverage in your time of need .
It is not optional . We are out of tea . I hope you like bouillon .
Actually , I was wondering if I could add a third new chess piece . How do you think people would feel about Prince Joey , the king is feeble minded but well meaning cousin ?
The fun thing about Prince Joey is every time he moves , there is a one in five chance he will kill himself .
Yellow . Go ahead .
Fascinating . What is in it ?
I like cows .
It was its own point . Go on .
Rajesh , I have had the privilege of working alongside you for many years . My recommendation is that you gobble these up like Tic Tacs .
I am glad you think so . That is what I strive to emulate .
Oh , there is no need to interact with me . I am just here to observe .
All right .
I had like to buy a scone .
They sound delicious , but this money is earmarked for scones .
They were out of scones .
My catapult flings my bishop to Howard is Queen is Gorilla two .
When it is done charging . Or you land on the time machine . Obviously .
I knew I should have given my Pope the jet pack .
What ?
Dear Lord ! Have you been drinking it ?
Well , that is it then . I am dead .
I am sorry , do I really need to connect the dots for you ? The backwash into this glass is every pathogen that calls your mouth home , sweet home . Not to mention the visitors who arrive on the dancing tongue of your subtropical girlfriend .
Yes , I had like a seven day course of penicillin , some , uh , syrup of ipecac , to induce vomiting , and a mint .
He drank from Leonard is glass . Words they will be carving into my tombstone .
Oh , this is a nightmare !
To the bar , to sterilize my mouth with alcohol . Gang way ! Dead man walking !
I gargled with tequila and may have swallowed a teeny bit .
Fine . Thank you for asking . I love you so much .
Could you please play the game without commenting on every card ?
Last one .
Oh , dear Lord !
Where is the mouthwash ?
Hello .
Oh , other than waiting out the exponential growth period of the virulent organisms trooping through my microvilli into my circulatory system , hunky dory .  Did I say something amusing ?
So your mirth is merely a discharge of nervous energy with no semantic content at all ?
Is there a station coming up where I can board your giggling train of thought ?
Jibber jabber ? I do not jibber jabber .
Oh , I am working on time dependent backgrounds in string theory , specifically quantum field theory in D dimensional de Sitter space .
Interesting , do you know where the phrase jibber jabber comes from ?
To a hospital ? Full of sick people ? Oh , I do not think so .
I ca not .
Not all germs . Just the ones that will kill me . It is the same way I am not afraid of all steak knives , just the ones that might be plunged in my thorax .
I would think he would know that .
Fine , I will go . Just for the record , my Aunt Ruth died in a hospital . She went in to visit my Uncle Roger , caught something and bit the dust a week later . The two of them now share a coffee can on my mother is mantel .
A heart attack like event is an event that is like a heart attack .
Regardless , coronary problems are eminently treatable . What is more likely going to kill Howard is mother are the antibiotic resistant super bugs festering in every nook and cranny of this hospital .
Disagree .
I will sit over there , it looks cleaner .
Howard , I have to go to the bathroom and no one will take me home .
Pneumococcus , streptococcus , staphylococcus and other assorted coccuses .
Will you at least go with me to the restroom here , so you can open the door and flush the urinal ?
This might be a good time to point out , Howard , that friendship requires a certain give and take . Hold the door !
No , I have not . It is all good .
Mountain Elf .
Must you ?
Zandor , Wizard of the North . Ha ! I win .Penny : Hey , you guys ready to order ?
Not quite accurate . The Macy is balloons are filled with helium , whereas Leonard produces copious amounts of methane .
It wouldn’help . The human body is capable of being flatulent for hours after death .
Bernadette , before you change the subject , does anyone have any final comments on Leonard is faulty digestive system ?
Oh , congratulations .
Unless he takes Bernadette is last name . And considering her advanced status , that could open some doors for him .
I must say , Amy , I was very impressed to see that Bernadette got her PhD .
Your doctorate is in neurobiology . I fail to see the distinction .
It is a little stiff . What a remarkably fragile structure to support such a valuable payload . Not unlike balancing a Faberge egg on a Pixie Stick .
I had like to respond to that sarcastically . Yes , I relish the thought of a stranger covering my body with oil and rubbing it .
Still sounds like a lot of unnecessary touching .
All right .
Rotating .
You mean the myofascial point ?
Oh , dear Lord , yes , yes , oh , yes ! Amy , I have never been touched like this before ! Oh ! Oh , my hands are magic !
There is someone at my door .
Why ?
I can see how that would be upsetting . Come in . I will get the sheets and blankets for the couch .
No , I ca not authorize that .
The Hammurabic Code is an eye for an eye , not a bed for a bed .
All right . This is a form indemnifying me from your use of Leonard is bedroom . Sign here , indicating that I tried to stop you and did so using a stern facial expression .
Wait . Not yet . We still have to go over safety procedures . Now , the apartment has three emergency exits located here , here , and here . In the event of a power outage , luminous paint will guide you to the nearest exit .
I never kid about safety .
Good news , Raj . I got the blood work back from the lab . You are okay to stay for a while .
Not important . Your sugar was a little high . I had follow up with your regular physician . In the meantime , I have some paperwork here for you to go over .
Boilerplate stuff . A modified roommate agreement for a temporary house guest . And a living will and durable power of attorney .
As your friend , let is hope it does not come to that . Please sign .
Congratulations and welcome temporarily aboard . Here is your I .D . Card , your key and your lapel pin . Which Leonard was too cool to wear . FYI , part of your responsibilities as roommate pro tem will be to drive me to and from work , the comic book store , the barbershop and the park for one hour every other Sunday for fresh air .
Also , you are tasked with bringing home all takeout dinners . Tonight is Thai food . You will find the standard order in appendix B or downloadable from my FTP server . If you have any questions , here is the FAQ sheet , or if you prefer the human touch , I do a live web chat called Apartment Talk on Tuesday nights .
What is this ?
Remarkable . I am just realizing how much Leonard is been skating by all these years .
Yes , it is “Penny , get your own Wi Fi .” No spaces .
My new roommate is bending over backwards to ingratiate himself to me .  Uh , nice touch , by the way .
The same thing that happened to Homo Erectus . He was replaced by a superior species .
You are living here provisionally . But I must say it is looking good .
No . Origami napkin swans , that is the headline .
Here is an interesting fact about alcohol .
Man is not the only species that ferments fruit in order to become intoxicated . Can you guess what the other is ? Hint , sometimes they pack the alcohol in their trunks .
When does a monkey have a trunk ?
Mmm , all right . It would appear as if alcohol is playing keep away with your intelligence . Good night . Please note , it is now past ten p .m . Per our roommate agreement , kindly refrain from raucous laughter , clinking of glasses , and celebratory gunfire .
What are you doing here ?
I said , what are you doing here ?
I have paperwork that says differently .
Irrelevant . Rajesh and I have a good thing going and you are not going to ruin it .  What are you doing here ?
Why ?
Leonard , do you understand this ?
Talk to him .
It is not what it looks like . It is not what it looks like .
Penny is brain teaser this morning . She and Koothrappali emerge from your bedroom . She is dishevelled , and Raj is dressed only in a sheet . The sole clue , it is not what it looks like .
If I could , I would , but I ca not , so I sha not . Now , knowing Penny , the obvious answer is , they engaged in coitus . But , since that is what it looked like , we can rule that out . Let is put on our thinking cap , shall we ?  Raj is from India , a tropical country . Third World hygiene . Parasitic infections are common , such as pinworms . Mm hmm . The procedure for diagnosing pinworms is to wait until the subject is asleep , and the worms crawl out of the rectum for air .  Yes , just like that . Penny could have been inspecting Raj is anal region for parasites . Oh , boy . That is a true blue friend .
No , you were not listening . She said , it is not what it looks like .
Oh . Well do not I look silly sitting here wearing this ?
Hey . Leonard , is it awkward for you knowing that one of your dear friends had sexual intercourse with a woman you used to love in the very place you lay your head ?
That sounds like sarcasm , but I am going to disregard it , because I have an agenda . Paintball . Specifically , the interdepartmental tournament this weekend . Now , in order to function better as a fighting unit , I thought we should establish a chain of command . Now , it goes without saying that I would outrank the three of you , but the question remains , by how much ? Now , I do not see me as some four star general , back at HQ riding a desk and playing golf with the Secretary of Defence . But I also ca not be Sergeant Cooper , because that might lead you to think of me as just a regular Joe . This might take some thought . As you were .
Gentlemen , if I may interject , I have decided my rank will be captain . If it is good enough for Kirk , Crunch and Kangaroo , it is good enough for me .
For the record , I do have genitals . They are functional and aesthetically pleasing .
Subtlety is not her strong suit , is it ?
Who said that ? Leonard , I can hear your voice , but I ca not see you .
Oh , there you are . Leonard , I know you are upset about recent events , and I have someone here to help .
No , it is not Amy .
Oh , Leonard , is it really necessary to caption the obvious ?
All right , this is a Google Earth view of the field of battle .
Give it a second to load . Whenever you are ready , AT&T ! Okay , here we go . This is us here . To the south is Professor Loomis and the Geology Department . According to their Twitter feed , they are out of sunblock , which means they will have to hug the tree line or risk melanoma . That is our edge . All we have to do is move quickly over this ridge , the rock worshipping pasty faced bastards will not know what hit them . All right , let is move out .
You ca not quit . That is a court martial offence . That is punishable by… You ca not quit .
This is a game to you ? Uh , was the Battle of Antietam a game ? Huh ? Was the sack of Rome a game ?
Wait . I just want you all to know that I forgive you . This mutiny is not your fault , it is mine . I have not earned these bars . Although what I lack in leadership , apparently I more than make up for in sewing .
No . Jamba Juice is for heroes . And that is what we are going to be .
Following in the footsteps of Kirk , Crunch and Kangaroo .  Geology is not a real science !
If there is ever a Church of Sheldon , this will be when it started . Ow !
Excuse me . It is Major Sheldon Cooper . With my last breath , I awarded myself a battlefield promotion . It is kind of a big deal .
What about Nebraska ?
What are you doing ?
It is eight o’clock in the morning in Mumbai . How can she have dinner ?
All right , so technically it is not a dinner date . I suppose you could call it a , uh , dinfast date . But if you did , you had open yourself to peer based mocking , such as , Hey , Leonard , how was your dinfast with Priya last night ?
You did not let me finish . Dinfast  . Are those soy based candles ?
Paraffin candles may contain carcinogens . Unless lung cancer is the ambiance you were going for at your dinfast . Dinfast  .
Oh , yes , Priya . Leonard , you know I make a point of never interfering in your personal affairs .
As well you should . But I am going to make an exception here .
Priya has moved back to India to pursue her law career . Instead of desperately trying to keep this intercontinental relationship alive , you could use that time to take up a hobby .
Yes . I read recently about a fellow in Kansas with an enormous ball of twine . I bet you could give him a run for his money .
When I rise to power , those people will be sterilized .
Do not you like Amy ?
Well , there is the difference .
I miss the old days when your romantic partners could be returned to the video store .
If we were an old married couple , the wife would serve iced tea and snickerdoodles .
A good wife would go to the store .
Good . On the way to see the lawyer , pick up some tea and cookies . I must say , I am enjoying your new chair .
It is . Aligns the lumbar , cradles the coccyx , balances the buttocks . This is a chair worthy of the name .
Chair .
What ?
I have been sitting in garbage !
You take it easy ! I need to use your shower .
There is a wet Band Aid on the shower floor .  .
Yes , I did . And now they are cavorting at the base of my hair follicles like dancing hippies at the Redwood National Forest .
Name one time I have ever done that .
I said , name one . You really need to work on your listening skills .
You need to remove that chair from the building . It is a health hazard .
Really ?
It certainly looks okay . Has a strong toxic chemical smell . That is reassuring .
All right . It is a comfortable chair .
No , thank you .
You have to get rid of the chair .
Penny .  Penny .  Penny .
For your safety , please wait in my apartment as I call the authorities so they may remove the chair of death .
Penny .  Penny .  Penny .
Under my authority as a self appointed member of the Centres for Disease Control street team , these premises are condemned .  As a man with a keen sense of style , I must tell you , that chair does not work with the room .  .  Penny .  Penny .   Penny .
Amy .  Amy .  Amy .
Is not . Is not , is not .
Thank you .
No .
No .
You are good friends with Penny , right ?
I was hoping she might listen to you about the dangers of owning unhygienic furniture .
Cholera is water borne . You are mocking me .
Penny has dragged a chair in off the street whose unknown provenance jeopardizes the health and welfare of every resident in our building .
All right , name your price .
You mean like Salt Lake City ?
Thank you .
No . I dislike the sound of the harp . Its overuse in classic television sitcoms always makes me think I am going to experience an episode from my past .  I am sorry , Mommy . Do not be mad at me . Do not do that !
Penny , a moment . We just had Thai food . In that culture , the last morsel is called the krengjai piece , and it is reserved for the most important and valued member of the group .
I have seen pictures of your mother , keep eating .
Wait . Uh , which is closer to the new train store in Monrovia , the movie theatre or the Cheesecake Factory ?
Oh , well , then I guess it does not matter which one of you drives me . Let is play a fun guessing game to see who gets to take me . All right , this four letter word describes either a printer is type size or a compulsion to eat dirt .
No , Penny , do not give up , you can get this .
Oh , I am not buying anything . They are having a lecture . H O gauge railroading . Half the size of O gauge , but twice the fun . Very controversial topic .
I will let you know after tonight . Unlike some people , I am going in with an open mind . Who am I kidding ? Of course we all know it is O gauge or no gauge .
Howard , I think I can help here . Yes , Bernadette , that is exactly what he thinks .
Okay , everybody calm down . There is a simple solution here . Raj , take me to the train store , and then I do not care what you people do .
You do not know the half of it . It was billed as a lively give and take on the merits of model train sizes . But it was actually a set up to intimidate weak minded spineless rubes into buying H O starter sets .
I do not want to talk about it . But it is not a spine ,I will tell you that .
Not my fault . You said there had be other scientists there my age .
Ha ha , you have to go to a wedding .
All this years , I have been so wrong . The tinier the train , the more concentrated the fun .
Better than James Bond , because he is tinier .
All aboard ! Woo woo ! It is official . I am an H O trainiac .
Leonard . Check it out . I bought an N gauge locomotive . Half the size of H O . Look , it fits in my mouth .
I did . How was yours ?
What exactly do you mean by that ?
To send a message . She is not for you .
Not for you !
The entrance to the dungeon is a moss covered door . You manage to open it only to find yourself face to face with a hideous , foul smelling , moss covered ogre . What do you do ?
Seventeen . The ogre is amused by your joke and allows you to pass . By the by , I liked it , too .
You see a dragon .
When you play Chutes and Ladders , do you complain about all the chutes and all the ladders ?
Gentlemen , please focus . You are facing a fire breathing dragon .
Because you do not have a girlfriend ? Well , good Lord , if that becomes a reason not to play Dungeons and Dragons , this game is in serious trouble .
One moment . I am conducting an experiment .
Yes . From here on in , I have decided to make all trivial decisions with a throw of the dice , thus freeing up my mind to do what it does best , enlighten and amaze . Page 14 , item seven .
A side of corn succotash . Hmm . Interesting .
Let is see what I will be washing that succotash down with . A pitcher of margaritas .
That is the great thing . It does not matter . My mind is freed up to think about more important things .
Hamburgers and lemonade .
And now for dessert , come on , hot fudge sundae , come on , hot fudge sundae . Bam ! That is what I am talking about !
Do not thank me . Thank the dice . They told me what percentage of my face to shave .
Because it is working . In the past few weeks , unburdened by trivial decisions , I have co authored two papers in notable peer reviewed journals , and I am close to figuring out why the Large Hadron Collider has yet to isolate the Higgs on particle .
The dice giveth and the dice taketh away .
Yeah , I actually have information about Raj that would be helpful with this discussion .
Let is see .  Snake eyes . Sorry , bud .
Okay , get this . It does not matter if he is showering her with gifts , because the Koothrappalis are vastly wealthy .
Well , wealthy means a lot of money , and vastly means even more . I am not sure what is tripping you up .
No , you are wrong . See , as you know , a few years ago , I achieved one of my lesser dreams and became a notary public . Well , from time to time , I notarize banking documents for Raj . The Koothrappalis are not just rich , they are Richie Rich rich .
About halfway between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge McDuck .
Ca not figure out what to do ? I remember those days . Now , if you will excuse me , I have to…  stay right here .
Should I use the rest room or wait until we get home ? Come on , papa needs to void his bladder . Oh , that is not what you want to see after three buttermilks .
Hurry , hurry , hurry .Leonard : It is from Game of Thrones . What do you think ?
I do not know . If we are going to start a fantasy sword collection , and I have long thought we should , is this really the sword to start with ?
Well , off the top of my head , I had have to go with Excalibur . It gives you the right to rule England .
Fair enough . It had give you the right to rule a replica of England .
Mm . Tough decision . There is no weaponry from Lord of the Rings , forged in a Chinese sweatshop ?
Two grown men with a hobbit is dagger ; would not we look silly ? Okay , let is go for it .
Okay ? It is magnificent .
Only 8 ,000 ? We are wasting precious time . Buy it .
Oh , did you hear that ? We are getting the friends and family discount . We are honoured and we will take it .
What are you doing ? Two fifty is already the discounted price .
Take it , take it .
Killing you ? I ca not breathe .
Oh , now , we ca not let him lose money , Leonard . I am so sorry .
I have long said , what you lack in academic knowledge you make up for in street smarts .
Hello , Wil Wheaton .
It is part of my sword collection . Do you have a sword collection ?
I am not surprised .
Sucker . Did not even ask for the friends and family discount .
I see what you are doing . You accept an invitation to a party at the home of my sworn enemy , he tells everyone we are going to be there , and when we do not show , he looks the fool . Fiendishly clever .
And then declaring the party a fiasco and storming out , leaving him humiliated in front of his guests . Love it .
Possibly .
It is not that simple , Leonard .
At this moment , our relationship exists in two mutually contradictory states . Until you either do not go or go to Wil Wheaton is party , you are simultaneously my friend and not my friend . I am characterizing this phenomenon as Schrodinger is Friendship .
Of course . Now get it yourself , you traitor .
In case you have forgotten , Schrodinger is cat is a thought experiment…
Mohammed Lee .
Mohammed is the most common first name in the world , Lee , the most common surname . As I did not know the answer , I thought that gave me a mathematical edge .
That was a lovely toast . Kudos .
Simultaneously , a festival of cloying clichés . You sicken me .
Do not talk to me as if nothing is happened between us . And yes , it sure is , buddy .
Would you prefer a simpler application of Heisenberg is uncertainty principle , in which I could either know where you are or whether I like you , but not both ?
In fact , I have 61 of them . Would you like to see the list ?
You just got off the list . Would you like back on it ? This will just take a moment . It is on a five and a quarter inch floppy .
Well , I started the list when I was nine .
As a child , I loved Wesley Crusher , Wil Wheaton is character on Star Trek . So , I drove for hours by bus to a Star Trek convention at which Wil Wheaton was scheduled to appear , so that I could get my Wesley Crusher action figure signed . But he never showed , because apparently , it was cooler for him to be the lower left corner on Hollywood Squares . Oh , damn ! The floppy failed . Well , whoever was in charge of quality control at the Verbatim Corporation in 1989 , congratulations , you just made the list .
Interesting . You see betrayal in others , but not yourself .
Oh , of course you would have to believe that . Evil always thinks it is doing right . Excuse me , Stormtrooper . These are the droids you are looking for .
Not yet .
No , Leonard , this is your last chance . One day , a historian is going to come to you and say , is it true you were friends with Dr . Sheldon Cooper ? And you are going to have to choke back a hot sob of regret and humiliation as you mumble , I was , but I chose to go to a party thrown by the one kid from Stand By Me that no one remembers .
Oh , good . You picked me , you picked me .
Brent Spiner ?
I do not care .
I did , but I think I have kind of outgrown Star Trek . You know , stock characters , ludicrous plots , beam me up . What a load of hooey .
Yeah , even that . You look like a dork .
Fighting for our friendship . As peculiar and annoying as you can be , you are still my little buddy . I am not going to let that end here tonight . Now put down that drink , let is meet Brent Spiner and go home .
What I had like is for him to have a more depressing home . This is quite lovely .
An original mint in package Wesley Crusher action figure .
To Sheldon , sorry this took so long . Your friend , Wil Wheaton .
Look , everyone . Wil Wheaton is my friend !
Brent Spiner , what have you done ? That was an original mint in package Wesley Crusher action figure signed by my close personal friend , Wil Wheaton .
You have already signed something , Brent Spiner . Your name on my list . From this moment on , you are my mortal enemy .
Come on , buddy . Let is not waste another second on this loser . Love your house .
Well , Mom , if I did , it would be conclusive proof that your God can work miracles .
Frankly , Mom , I am encouraged to see how advanced your group has become , willing to sail out into the ocean without fear of falling off the edge .
The Lord giveth and the Lord bloweth away . Well , Mom , according to my itinerary for our weekend together , the fun begins with fried chicken .
Good , ’cause I got you everything you need to make it . You are in for a treat . My mother is fried chicken is why we had to buy my dad the extra large coffin .
Of course she does . Making me food is her way of saying I love you . Making me food when she is too tired to cook is her way of saying I really love you .
Wo not that spoil our appetites for the chicken you are going to make me ?
There is a lot of harm in trying something new . That is why we test out drugs and cosmetics on bunny rabbits .
Told you .
Stop yelling ! I am not happy about this .
The prospect of fried chicken .
Well , there is actually big news on the Amy front . She is been studying the neurobiology of addiction in lower animals . She is this close to getting a starfish hooked on cocaine .
And that reminds me of another saying . You can lead a chicken to Crisco , but you ca notmake your mother fry it .
I do not know . Lately we have been talking about converting it into a missile silo .
Get them before they get us .
Mom , you remember Rajesh ? Rajesh , my mother .
Oh , yes , born alone , die alone . It is a tragic human condition . Now , Raj , if you will excuse my mother , she is about to make a pecan pie that will be so good I will almost forget how she blew it with the fried chicken .
Offer them a hot beverage .
Coffee .
I am not going to get my pecan pie , am I ?
Double Stuf ?
Nice . Kick a man when he is down .
Careful , you are using too much Downey . You know if my clothes get too soft it makes me sleepy .
It is nice , is not it ?
It was in my weekly e mail blast . Right between beet season is finally here , and uh oh , red stool from beets leads to cancer scare .
Yes , Penny has a lot of her money tied up in promiscuity futures .
Now that will not be in this week is e mail blast .
I have got a treat for us tomorrow , Mom . I am taking you to see Saul Perlmutter give a lecture about his Nobel Prize winning work in cosmology . And the best part is , at the Q and A afterward , I have worked up a couple of Q is that will stump his sorry A .
What sight is better than your little boy embarrassing a Nobel laureate ?
What do I say ? I say you people need to stop ruining my mom is visit with your sushi , and your sadness and your slutty shirts . Stop it .
Mom , I want to apologize for my behaviour last night .
Great . Now , you are going to love the Perlmutter lecture . Look , he will be stating that the universe is older than 6 ,000 years , but I thought you could stick your fingers in your ears and hum Amazing Grace during those parts .
But I apologized . And that was hard for me because I did not do anything wrong .
I am not going , and you ca not make me .
Well , I am going to stand here until you change your mind .
I ca not believe my own mother is abandoning me .
We appear to be at a crossroads in our relationship , Mother .
All right , Mom . When you are at the Ripley is Believe It Or Not Museum , if they have an exhibit about a mother who threw away a chance to spend the day with the world is most wonderful son , believe it , because it is true .
No , I am just allergic to people who get Nobel Prizes for no good reason .
No . Or to use the clinical term , nuh uh .
Oh , there it is . It always comes back to monkeys with you . Just monkeys , monkeys , monkeys .
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person ?
Oh , yes , the common cold . Just like everyone else . You had love that , would not you ?
Look at the two of us . Me , a highly regarded physicist . The kind of mind that comes along once , maybe twice in a generation . You , the common man , tired from your labours as a stockbroker , or vacuum cleaner salesman , or bootblack . But deep down inside , apparently we are just two peas in a pod . A regular pea , and the kind of pea that comes along once , maybe twice in a generation . Rain . Another great equalizer . Falling on the head of the brilliant and the unremarkable alike .  Smarty pants .
Thank you . Yeah , I have learned something today . You and I , in so many ways , other than intelligence and what counts , we are the same .
I hope so , because if this is well , life is not worth living .
Okay .
And just to be clear , only her baby and not these other people .
Can I have tea with honey and toast with the crust cut off ?
Thanks , Mom .You are the best .
I know , it filled in last year . I did not get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit .
Yours .
No , we do not . The one we have works great .
Or maybe I am part of a new species , that lives for hundreds of years , which means I am still basically a toddler .
Does this mean you are not going to sing Soft Kitty ?
Get out !
Well , I know , but he means well . Sing .
What are you trying to pull , Mom ? From the top .
And reverse the spin on the antiproton , and gamma becomes alpha , multiplied by a matrix of negative I comma zero , and there we have it . Conclusive proof that I am absolutely worthless after nine o’clock .
Hmm .  All right , all right . I see what is going on . A little pre Halloween hijinkery . A ghostly moan , a rattling of chains , a witch is cackle . The trifecta of haunted house clichés . Instead of eek , I say yawn .
Oh , the walls are dripping blood , which looks nothing like a phenolphthalein indicator exposed to a sodium carbonate solution .  See you in hell Sheldon . The most frightening thing about that is the missing comma .  Ah . Okay , all right . That one was clever . Skeleton with phosphorous on a zip line . Come on out , merry pranksters . Take a bow .
Yes , there is nothing quite like the slightly widened eyes of mildly startled .
Please , fright depends on an element of surprise . The simple fact is , because I am much smarter than you , and able to anticipate your actions , it is highly unlikely that you two rubes could ever surprise me .
Gentlemen .  .
Droll .
Yes , enjoy your japes , gentlemen . You think you have poked fun at a milquetoast academic . Well , you have forgotten one thing . I am also a son of the Lone Star state . I am Texas through and through . And we know how to settle scores down there . If you doubt me , ask Mexico .
Nothing . It is not suspicious that I am fixating . It is consistent with my personality .
Leonard does not have time to chat , he has to get the mail .
Open the mail !
It is , is not it ? Oh , bother . Is not that just always the way ? You go to staple something , and you are out of staples . Gosh , I wish I had known that earlier today when I was at Staples .
well , no , no , I need something more permanent to join these papers . Say , do not you keep staples in your top desk drawer ?
Be a lamb and check .
It is a snake . A terrifying snake .
Stop talking like that . You have been rendered speechless by fear .
I tried to scare an Indian with a snake . Come on , Cooper . You are better than this .
Hello , Howard . I have realized that you scaring me was all in jest . Allow me to say , job well done .  Perfect .
Science . You would not understand .
I thought you were leaving the apartment .
Are you concerned because the world is filled with big dogs and bullies ?
Well , if it is of any help , I have read all the great moral philosophers , including Dr . Seuss .
All right . So the topic at hand is sexual fidelity . Probably will not be relying on Seuss here . Although One Fish , Two Fish , Red Fish , Blue Fish might be surprisingly applicable . Go on .
You know , the German philosopher , Friedrich Nietzsche , believed that morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men .
It is worth noting that he died of syphilis .
On your way home , will you pick up some orange juice ?
Is one of those things your fondness for orange juice ?
Great . Tropicana , no pulp .
It is me , Sheldon , Mrs . Wolowitz .
Really ? That is very unsettling .
Hi .
It just occurred to me that I never formally congratulated you on your pending nuptials . So I hopped on the first bus and hightailed it down here to shake your hand . Put ‘er there , you old so and so .
Holy smoke , why did not I think of that ? You are a better man than I , Howard Wolowitz . You put ‘er there , you son of a gun !
It was a harmless Halloween prank . Look .
Well , I thought he made that up . Is not hypochondria a common idiosyncrasy of Jewish people ?
We are ?
Oh , no ! I ca not !
Okay .
Oh , God ! One , two , three !
What ? No . You mean this was all a ruse ? Oh , how could I be so stu…  .
Ladies , please . These four walls once housed an intellectual salon where the mind received nourishment as well as the stomach . But through no one is fault , Penny , the quality of dinner conversation in this apartment has declined . And again , I am looking at no one in particular , Penny .
I have prepared a number of topics that should appeal to both the advanced and novice conversationalists .
Topic one . Faster than light particles at CERN , paradigm shifting discovery or another Swiss export as full of holes as their cheese ? And converse .
You are leaving ?
Ah . New topic . Women , delightfully mysterious or bat crap crazy ?
She popped by to borrow a cup of mad cow disease .
Can we ? Stand back while I turn this conversation into a conver sensation .
I have 100 alphabetized topics from artichoke , come on , people , it is just a giant thistle , to zzz , the onamona poetry of sleep .
What ?
Sorry . I am a little distracted . I ca not seem to get in touch with Amy . I tried e mail , video chat , tweeting her , posting on her Facebook wall , texting her , nothing .
The telephone . You know , Leonard , in your own simple way , you may be the wisest of us all . Voice mail . Curiouser and curiouser .
Okay . You know , I heard in the news a bobcat has been spotted in her neighbourhood .
Who thinks Amy was eaten by a bobcat ?
Leonard , I was just mentioning an interesting local news item . Now , thanks to you , I am worried Amy is been eaten by a bobcat .
How can I ? You will not stop talking about it .
Where are you going ?
You did not respond to any of my electronic communications .
Would you like to talk about it ? And keep in mind that no is a perfectly viable answer .
Point of order . As you are in distress , it would be customary for me to offer you a hot beverage . But I am a guest in your home , so it would be customary for you to offer me a beverage . How do you want to proceed vis a vis beverages ?
If you had like to take your mind off what is troubling you , uh , word on the street is a bobcat has been spotted .
And that made you feel sad ?
I knew it . Just keep going , I guess I am good at this .
When they were over here , did you fail to offer them a beverage ? ‘Cause I can see how that could stick in someone is craw .
Always .
Oh , boy . You know ours is a relationship of the mind .
Counterproposal . I will gently stroke your head and repeat , aw , who is a good Amy .
Neck massage , then you get me that beverage .
Very well . Oh , boy .
The two of you need to get your women in line !
Last night I was strong armed into an evening of harp music and spooning with an emotional Amy Farrah Fowler . This on a night that I had originally designated for solving the space time geometry in higher spin gravity and building my Lego Death Star . And why ? Your gal pals , Penny and Bernadette , went out shopping for some wedding nonsense without Amy , an action they took with no thought or regard as to how it would affect me , the future of string theory or my Lego fun time .
You clearly were not listening to my topic sentence , get your women in line ! You make them apologize to Amy and set things right . I am a man of science , not someone is snuggle bunny !
You invited her to lunch four years ago . Everything about her is on you , you make it so !
Did you know that when Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone , he proposed answering it with ahoy ? Ahoy . I like it . Amy ? Is that you ? Have you been drinking ? I am sorry , I bet my sweet what ? Well , all right . We are on our way .
It would seem Amy is drunk in a liquor store parking lot .
Leonard , be glad you ca not keep a woman . They are a handful .
Yes , Cuddles . We cuddled . Grow up , Leonard .
I am begging both of you , please , let is go .
Shoo , shoo ! Be gone !
There is a bird outside the window , and he will not go away . That is the hell that is going on . We have no worms or seeds here . Shoo , shoo .
It is called ornithophobia . And someday it will be recognized as a true disability , and the landlord will be required by law to put a giant net over the building . Which is unfortunate , because I have a fear of nets .
That does not help .
Go away , bird .  Go away , bird .  Go away , bird .
Good idea . Attention is what birds want .  Oh , much better . All right . Now I will just get along with my life .  Make a pot of tea , Leonard . It is going to be a long night .
Quick , what does a hawk sound like ?
Please , that is a seagull . If you are not going to help , do not help .
It depends on the activity . For a prostate exam , yes . If you are playing Vegas , I had add sequins .
Do you think it is a date ?
Or you might think she thinks you think it is a date even though she does not .
Not at all .
Really ? A blazer ? All right .  Yes , hello . This is Dr . Sheldon Cooper . Yeah , I am at 2311 North Robles Avenue . Yeah , I had like to report a dangerous wild animal . A blue jay . I am sorry , this is Animal Control . I do not understand the laughter . No , the bird is not in my home . If he was in my home , I obviously would have called 911 . Sir , I have no doubt that there are things that you are frightened of . Being stuck in a dead end public service job ? Or your wife stepping out on you because you are stuck in a dead end public service job ? Or spiders ? Do not you think I tried making cat noises ?
For an audience with the queen , yes . For an evening of passing a bottle of fortified wine around a flaming trash can , you look great .  What am I thinking ? Whiskers !
A minute .
This would go a lot faster if you put your trade school diploma to work and helped me set up this high frequency tone generator .
Yeah , but you have got a can do attitude and that is what is important .
The question you should be asking is what is their problem with me ? My first memory , a hummingbird dive bombing my stroller to get at the apple juice in my sippy cup .
Hummingbirds are the vampires of the flower world .
Age seven , a blood thirsty chicken chases me up a tree . Age twelve , a magpie tries to steal the retainer out of my mouth . Age sixteen , a parrot in a pet store called me fat ass . Need I go on ?
It is not a death ray . It is just a little ultrasonic blast to scare him off . Trust me , if I had a death ray , I would not be living here . I had be in my lair enjoying the money the people of Earth gave me for not using my death ray . All right , and in three , two , one .
This is ridiculous . I am a grown man from Texas . This is not a terrifying bird like a swan or a goose . It is just a blue jay .  That is a pretty big blue jay .  One , two , three .  Go ! Shoo ! Am scray , ird bay !  Bird in the apartment ! Bird in the apartment !  No !
You are biologists . Biology is the study of living things . That is a living thing , get cracking .
Oh , come now . Your undergraduate work must have included a varmints and critters class .
No , Bernadette , do not be a hero !
Yes . It is very sweet . Now , slowly and carefully , flush him down the toilet .
Every year tens of people around the world are killed by birds . I am not going to be another statistic .
I did it ! I actually did it . Okay , now flush him .
It is remarkable . All that time spent in fear . And for what ? He is magnificent . Oh , dear . I just realized I have not offered you a beverage .
My phone is on the desk over there . Take a picture of us together . Make it good enough to go on a mug , a mouse pad , and a calendar . If you were a dove , I had call you Lovey Dovey . Oh . Who am I kidding ? This is not a moment for strict adherence to the literal . You are just my little Lovey Dovey , are not you ?
Yes . It should have a big picture of him , and the words , is this your bird ? Not anymore . We are going to have so much fun together . You can carry messages to all my enemies . I can tie a string to your leg and fly you like a kite .
Nonsense . No . Lovey Dovey does not sleep in a cage . No . Lovey Dovey sleeps in his very own nest , which I am going to get off the windowsill and put in my room . Is not that right , LD ?  No . Where are you going ? Come back , Lovey Dovey ! This is your home now ! I already ordered 20 pounds of bird feed off of Amazon ! He is gone .
How could he do this to me ? Get back here , you stupid bird , so I can love you !
Well ? What do you think of New Comic Book Night ? Magic , huh ?
Well , A , comic books employ storytelling through sequential art , a medium that dates back 17 ,000 years to the cave paintings of Lascaux , and B , you play the harp . Like that is cool .
I know what this is about . Given the professional standstill you are at , you are wondering if this is the appropriate time to abandon your research and focus on teaching . Yes . And if I may suggest , consider changing disciplines . Yeah , to the humanities , perhaps history . One of the advantages of teaching history is that you do not have to create things , you know , you just have to remember stuff that happened and then parrot it back . You could have fun with that .
Oh , of course he is . She is very interesting . Did you know , when she was 14 , she severed the webbing between her own toes ?
I am not sure how to respond , Leonard . I do not own Amy . Ca not own a person . At least not since ? 1863 . President Lincoln freed the ? Slaves ! Come on Leonard , if you are going to teach history , these are the kind of facts you will have to know .
The question is moot . There is no way that Stuart , an impoverished peddler of picture books , would be at all appealing to Amy Farrah Fowler , a noted neurobiologist capable of performing surgery on her own feet with nothing but nitrous oxide from cans of whipped cream as anesthesia .
Fine . The record shall so reflect . Now , getting back to the problem at hand , what to do with a washed up experimental physicist .
Oh , Leonard . Lots of people love you and want to help you , but they ca not until you admit the problem .
Where is Stuart ?
Who are you ?
Oh , I guess I was wrong .
Am I okay ? Leonard , I am on a lifelong trajectory that includes a Nobel Prize and cities named after me , all four wisdom teeth fit comfortably in my mouth without need of extraction , and my bowel movements run like a German train schedule . Am I okay ?
Flaming Spittoon . And for the record , I am very disappointed in you cowpokes . We are playing our inaugural round of Wild West and Witches , and I am the only one who bothered to dress for the occasion .  Patooie .
And I suppose my boots and spurs are ridiculous , too ?
Did it look ridiculous when we got the Satanimals pack and I dressed up as a Beelzebobcat ?
All right , fine . Let is just play .
Cluck , cluck , cluck . What are we , ladies at a quilting bee ? Or are we men playing a fantasy card game set in a magical frontier town ?
And may I point out it is the three of you who are obsessed with Stuart and Amy , not me . I think you need to ask yourselves who is really being ridiculous here .
I am in the matrix , Leonard , I see everything .
Do not be silly . I am a fan of anything that tries to replace actual human contact .
Really ? You think I care if a man , what , shared a pumpkin latte with a dynamite lady ?
You are free to believe whatever you like . And unfriend Rajesh Koothrappali .
And unfriend Leonard Hofstadter .
And unfriend Howard Wolowitz .
Why ?
Penny .
Penny .
Penny .
Thank you .
I came to ask if you would like to go on a date with me .
A date . You and me . Dining , dancing , perhaps you had like to take in a prizefight .
No . Why is everyone so obsessed with Amy and Stuart ? And whether or not they may be having more pumpkin lattes or intercourse tonight .
I am not trying to get her back . But , out of curiosity , what is a way ?
I believe I do .
I am the guy .
Are you sure ? That would explain so much . Your constant presence in my apartment , that baffling dalliance with Leonard just to be near me , the way you call me sweetie all the time .
You tramp .
Strap on a pair ? Of what , skates ?
Excuse me . Excuse me . Pardon me . Pardon me . Excuse me . Hi , Stuart .
Pardon me . Excuse me .
The thought of you sitting in a darkened theatre with a character like Stuart is repellent . No offence , Stuart .
Stuart , please . You are being rude .
I believe I would like to alter the paradigm of our relationship .
With the understanding that nothing changes whatsoever , physical or otherwise , I would not object to us no longer characterizing you as not my girlfriend .
You are being impossible .
Fine . Amy , will you be my girlfriend ?
Well , that is enough of that . Sorry to interrupt . You two enjoy your date . Here is a dollar for your troubles . Get yourself some Sour Patch Kids .
Wow . Is that the kind of nagging I can expect now that you are my girlfriend ? Good thing I drew this up .
I present to you the relationship agreement . A binding covenant that , in its 31 pages , enumerates , iterates and codifies the rights and responsibilities of Sheldon Lee Cooper , here and after known as the boyfriend , and Amy Farrah Fowler , here and after known as the girlfriend .
Mutual indemnification always is . Why do not you start perusing while I set up my notary stamp .
Feel free to retain a lawyer .
Penny .  Amy .  Bernadette .
I got a splinter .
Relationship agreement Section 4 , Boo boos and Ouchies . You have to take care of it .
I believe that you are capable of great change . Like when I finally got you to stop saying Valentimes Day .
In the year 2000 , Pope John Paul II was named an honorary Harlem Globetrotter .
You asked Penny if she wanted to hear something weird .
Oh . I thought it was a game .
Okay , Penny , if it were a game , here are your choices . An e mail from an old acquaintance , or the head of one of the largest religious institutions in the world slam dunking to Sweet Georgia Brown . Pick .
And that is how it is done .
Is this the fellow who peed in your Hawaiian Punch ?
Was he the one who wedgied you so hard , your testicle reascended , and you spent your whole Christmas break waiting for it to come back down ?
Was he the one who used your head to open a nut ?
Oh , oh , oh . Was he the one who made you eat your arm hair ?
You know , the holidays are just around the corner . Maybe he wants to see if he can lodge the other testicle up there .
Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony streaming live from Stockholm .
Look at these men . They have managed to win the top science prize in the world with no more understanding of the quantum underpinnings of the expansion of the early universe than God gave a goose . You should pay attention , Leonard . Someday this could be you up there .
So , what is got you up ? Did you have a bad clam ?
I do not watch you 24 hours a day . I do not know what you do .
Wear loafers . Look at Dr . Saul Perlmutter up there , clutching that Nobel Prize . What is the matter , Saul ? You afraid someone is going to steal it ? Like you stole Einstein is cosmological constant ?
Oh , now Perlmutter is shaking the King is hand . Yeah , check for your watch , Gustaf . He might have lifted it .
And there is the first zinger . Ouch .
Congratulations ? The Newcomb medal ? Oh , please . That is the scientific equivalent of a smiley face sticker on your homework .
Oh , good Lord , are we going to stand here and listen to him tear Leonard apart like this ?
My point .
Technically , Howard is the gear head . Leonard is just a dime store laser jockey .
The smartest ? All right , you know , I may not have a firm grasp on sarcasm , but even I know that was a doozy . Leonard , you ca not live in fear of this man forever .
You clearly do not . What my spineless friend lacks the courage to say is you are a terrible person who took advantage of his tiny size , his uncoordinated nature and his congenital lack of masculinity .
Leonard , I platonically love you , man , but face it , you are a mess .
A little bit ? The man Super Glued Hershey is Kisses to your nipples .
This is a list of your heinous acts against Leonard . One of which is certainly the cause of him wetting his bed well into his teens .
You really need to work on your penmanship .
You are being too kind , Leonard . You ruined him .
I help the weak . It is yet another way I am exactly like Batman .
Oh , half and half instead of whole milk ?
Heated to precisely 183 degrees ?
Seven little marshmallows , no more no less ?
One for good luck . Must be the kind of math they do at Princeton .
Yes .
Then take away his keys and make him wander the streets with the other drunks .
You had think a winner could make a decent cup of cocoa .
You know what would be nice ?
As a symbolic gesture to all the bullies who have tormented us for years , we open our home to Jimmy and once he is asleep we kill him . I said it would be nice , I did not say we should do it .
Leonard .
In case it comes up again , this right here is an imposition .
You are soft . This world is going to chew you up and spit you out .
Oh , there it is , tacos .
I am not going to say I told you so , but we could have killed him .
The Dark Knight has your back . He is scared , but he has your back .
Well said , Boy Wonder .
Do not answer that . It is a trick question . I speak from experience .
I do not need to outrun him , I just need to outrun you .
Oh , dear Lord . A man pops out for a moment to evacuate his bowels and catch up on the adventures of the Caped Crusader , only to emerge and discover his apartment has been transformed into a cabaret .
This is how you are going to entertain your little cousin and his friends ? By lying to them ?
A magic show is an inherently deceitful proposition . This is an ordinary top hat . You have chosen that card freely . I do not have a set of lock picks lodged in my keister .
If we poison the critical thinking faculties of children by telling them that rabbits come out of hats , then we create adults who believe in astrology and homeopathy and that Ryan Reynolds was a better choice for Green Lantern than lovable rogue Nathan Fillion .
Coins lodged in body parts is not a source of amusement . When I was five , Billy Sparks put a Mexican peso up my nose .
It is still there . Takes me 45 minutes to get through airport security .
And that is the answer to the question , what is wrong with eating at The Cheesecake Factory ?
All right , without objection , the minutes of the previous date are considered read and agreed to . Any new business ?
Superb . This morning I made a palindrome with my Alpha Bits . Nice hat , Bob Tahecin .
Ooh ! Speaking of good news , somebody just hit 100 Twitter followers .
Yeah , me , too . Triple digits , I am not gonna lie , feels pretty good .
Mm hmm . Mm hmm . Ooh , 101 ! Air is getting a bit thin up here .
Well , that is odd . We both washed up when we came in . It is probably a euphemism for urination .
Not much . Although , I can be faulted for being overly fond of koala bears . I do not know what it is , when they smart munching on eucalyptus , I just melt inside .
Oh , I see why you are confused . No , her news sounded important , but what you are forgetting is , it was an achievement in the field of biology . That is all about yucky , squishy things .
What if they simply do not excite me ?
She had see right through that . We go to the zoo all the time . She knows my koala face . And for future reference , it is this .
Yes .
Had a rough night . I thought I had go for a walk and clear my head .
It is after nine o’clock , at this hour the streets of Pasadena are teeming with drunken sailors and alley cats .
No . I think I will just go in this saloon and drink my troubles away .
Hard as this may be to believe , it is possible that I am not boyfriend material .
Amy had a fight . I was being perfectly reasonable . I am gonna have a whiskey . Do you want anything ?
I will say .
I am sorry . It is the alcohol talking . Go on .
Nuts to that . What else you got ?
How does that work ?
Well , that approach has Sheldon Cooper written all over it .
It is appreciated . And if you ever manage to find a woman again , I will be glad to return the favour .
I do not think there is anything in this jewellery store that Amy would appreciate more than the humidifier we were just looking at at Sears .
Ooh , a pocket watch .
No , but maybe she wants a man with a pocket watch .
Well , she is very fond of her silver one that says allergic to penicillin . Maybe they have a dressier version of that ?
Excuse me . I do not see why you get to snort derisively and point that out . You had be lucky to land a fella like me .
Trust me , we are not a couple .
Remarkable . Diamonds , crystallized carbon . Every day , people go to the grocery store and come home with sacks full of carbon in the form of charcoal briquettes that they toss in their barbeques and set on fire . But just because you have got some carbon with the atoms stacked neatly , you expect me to plunk down thousands of dollars .
Really . Talk to me about that pocket watch .
What time did you tell Amy to be here ?
Nonsense . I look like a train conductor . Under what pretext did you lure her here ?
Good , good , if you had said something clever , she might have gotten suspicious .
Thank you . Amy , I had like to apologize . Your accomplishment was impressive . And I am proud of you .
I told you .
You are right , the tiara was too much .
You ever wonder how humans would be different if they evolved from lizards instead of mammals ?
As you know , lizards , cold blooded animals , lack the ability to sense temperature . But they do move more sluggishly when it is cold . So , lizard weathermen would say things like , bring a sweater , it is slow outside . I love my mind .
Oh , I would assume we had enjoy insects or smaller lizards . We could also pull each other is tails off and grill them , they will just grow back . Oh ! My life size cardboard Mr . Spock is here ! I know he would not care for an outburst of human emotion , but , oh goodie , oh goodie , oh goodie . Commander Spock requesting permission to be unfolded .
Permission granted , Commander .
Oh , no ! They sent the wrong Spock ! Live long and suck it , Zachary Quinto .
Mm . I want to build a road , but I need wood . Do either of you fellows have wood ?  I do not understand the laughter . The object of Settlers of Catan is to build roads and settlements . To do so requires wood . Now , I have sheep ; I need wood . Who has wood for my sheep ?
You want to know my opinion ?
Sarcasm ?
All right , then . The reason you are fixated on a good natured simpleton like Penny is that she is the exact opposite of your first romantic attachment , your brilliant yet intimidating mother .
It is in her book , Needy Baby , Greedy Baby .
It is called non fiction for a reason , Leonard .
Now , where were we ? Oh , yes . Does anyone have any wood ? Oh , come on ! I just want wood . Why are you making it so hard ?
And now that I have some wood , I am going to begin the erection of my settlement .
We do not know that . Not to a certainty . All we know is that Leonard is home .
Again , not enough evidence . For all we know , he is being murdered . Now , back to our game .
Oh , of course . It is right here in my hand .
Leonard ?
Uh , ca not complain . Thanks for asking . Well , what were you doing out at three o’clock in the morning ?
I was using the bathroom .
Really ? I did not see you in there .
Where ?
In your pyjamas ?
Without shoes ?
On a cold winter is night ?
Seems unlikely . Did you bring your asthma inhaler ?
Well , then , I guess it is plausible . Hang on a second , mister .
After you used the facilities at the gas station , did you make a purchase ?
It is customary , when using the rest room at a retail establishment , to make a small purchase . Did you ?
Here is two dollars . Go buy some beef jerky .
It is not about you . It is about a poor immigrant from Pakistan trying to make his way in America by working the graveyard shift at the Colorado Boulevard Chevron .
Needy Baby , Greedy Baby indeed .
We were next to a car with an ask me about my grandchildren bumper sticker , and I was afraid if we ran into them on the way out , I had be obligated to do so .
You have a keen insight into the human heart , Amy Farrah Fowler .
Well , I doubt they had want to talk about that , so we are fine .
People , people , please , before you say something you both regret , I had like to place my order .
I have got to go with Leonard on this . He is wrong more than anyone I know .
Leonard , promise me that when our new waitress comes over , you will not start a complicated on again , off again relationship with her , because I am very , very hungry .
This is a disaster . I distinctly ordered the Leonard Nimoy Mr . Spock cardboard standee . Why would I feel safer with Zachary Quinto at the foot of my bed ?
You are right , I will give him a shot .
No , ca not do it . Sorry , Quinto , you are going back .
Hello . I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper , and welcome to the premiere episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags . Over the next 52 weeks , you and I are going to explore the dynamic world of vexillology .
Vexillology is the study of flags .
Did you have fun doing it ?
Fun and information are two sides to this video podcast , not unlike the only two sided state flag , Oregon . Oh , look . Hello , Mr . Beaver . In future episodes , we will answer some burning questions . What is the only non rectangular flag ? What animal appears most often on flags ? What animal appears second most often on flags ? And more .
Why are you waving a white flag ?
Now , today is episode of Fun with Flags is not fun , but it is important . Flags : you gotta know how to hold ’em , you gotta know how to fold ’em . Let is start by identifying the parts of our flag . This edge is the hoist , and it is used to…
Cut . Did you not see we are rolling ?
And I have flag knowledge that I have to get out of here !
No , I am a little rattled . But like the flag over Fort Sumter , I am still here . And , take two . Hello . I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper , and welcome to the premiere episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags . Over the next 52 weeks , you and I are going to explore the dynamic world of vexillology .
Vexillology is… why is there a face on that flag ?
Confound it ! You are right , it is brilliant . Let is take it from the top .
Cut ! Take 47 .
The flags of Liechtenstein and Haiti were identical by coincidence , a fact that was not discovered until they competed against each other at the 1936 Olympics . And thankfully , their embarrassment was overshadowed by the rise of Fascism .
Speaking of cowboys , do you know what country has not one but two cows on its flag ? The tiny landlocked nation of Andorra . Oh , the next classic episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags is writing itself .
Careful , it is that kind of sass that can get a person uninvited to this year is Who Con .
All right , that is it . Who Con , you are out .
How about constantly talks with food in her mouth ?
Well done , Dr . Koothrappali .
You have taken a great evolutionary leap by abandoning human interaction and allowing yourself to romantically bond with a soulless machine . Kudos .
Oh , no , of course . I understand . You are afraid the world is not ready for your taboo love . Your secret is safe with me .
Kripke .
Guten Tag , das YouTube . Ich bin ein Bavarian .
Und dis is Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun…
Flags .
Emergency preparedness drill .
Yeah , you know how it works . Once a quarter , keep our readiness up . Now , rise and shine , sleepy head . Half the town is probably dead .
I think you will like the drill tonight . I have tried to make it fun . Each of these cards contains a detailed scenario of a possible apocalyptic event . Everything from wild fires to a surprise invasion by Canada . Pick a catastrophe , any catastrophe .
Yeah , really ? You think those hippies in Washington and Oregon can stop them ?
All righty ! An 8 .2 magnitude earthquake devastates Pasadena , reducing mighty edifices to dust , engulfing the city in flames . The streets flow with blood and echo with the cries of the wounded . Oh , excellent choice . Now , put on your hard hat and safety vest .
You make that joke every three months . I still do not get it . Leonard , wait . What are you doing ?
Look around you , there is hypothetical broken glass everywhere . Really ? You are going to face Armageddon without your orthotics ? All right , your choice .  Uh oh , hypothetical aftershock !
And that is why we wear hard hats .
I will tell you exactly how he did . Readiness : unsatisfactory . Follows direction : barely . Attitude : a little too much . Overall : not only will he probably die in a fiery inferno , his incessant whining would most certainly spoil everyone else is day .
You ca not go home . You have to take me to the dentist at four o’clock .
Of course I can . It is coming back under the residual effects of the anaesthesia , that is the problem . Two years ago after a deep gum cleaning , I thought I got on a bus but somehow wound up on a booze cruise to Mexico .
Yeah , they have to , I am a biter .
Wrong , sir . Wrong . Under section 37B of the roommate agreement , miscellaneous duties , you are obligated to take me to the dentist . See ? It is right here after providing a confirmation sniff on questionable dairy products .”
Well , it has . Ask anybody .
Hold on . Are you saying that you want to invoke Clause 209 ?
Think carefully here . Clause 209 suspends our friendship , and strips down the roommate agreement to its bare essentials . Our responsibilities toward each other would only be rent , utilities and a perfunctory chin jut of recognition as we pass in the hall .  ‘Sup ?
Right here . Use your finger .
All right . That is it . We are now no longer companions , boon or otherwise . We are now merely acquaintances . To amend the words of Toy Story , you have not got a friend in me .
Yeah , well , tell it to someone who cares .
Hello , dear friends . And Dr . Hofstadter .
‘Sup ? My apologies . I would have been here sooner , but the bus kept stopping for other people to get on it .
Oh , your concern for me is touching . It will serve you well when you take me to the dentist tomorrow .
You are my girlfriend and you are not going to cater to my every need ? Oh , where had the magic go ?
Well , if Amy is too busy , that gives the rest of you an opportunity to make my life easier , thus assuring yourselves a footnote in my memoirs , tentatively entitled You are Welcome , Mankind . All right , then , just shout when you hear the task you want to undertake . Uh , dentist . Okay , we can circle back to that one . Um , well , who wants to take me Wednesday morning to get new heels put on my dress shoes ? Anyone ? Oh . That one had hoot written all over it . Um , all right , uh , dermatologist ? Allergist ? Podiatrist ? Supercuts ? Okay , okay , here is a fun one . Um , I need a new picture frame and I have a hankering for Swedish meatballs . Who wants to spend the day with me at IKEA ?
What is that ?
No , no . I was just sitting at home thinking about how it might be nice to catch up with my ninth favourite person .
You moved up one . My pen pal in Somalia was kidnapped by pirates . So , uh , how are you ?
Great . Great . So , what is new with your family ? How is your mother ? Is she alive ?
And your father ? Alive ?
How about your grandparents , they alive ?
Oh , I am so sorry for your loss . On a cheerier note , I have a teeth cleaning appointment this afternoon . What do you say you take me over there , buddy boy ?
Yes . And now , I ca not make any promises , but that is the sort of thing that gets a fella on the short list for the number eight friend slot .
Ca not help a friend out in a time of need , huh ? I see where your therapist was coming from .
‘Sup ?
Not necessary . No . I found a service that will send a van to your house for a teeth cleaning . Mostly they cater to dogs , but the fellow on the phone seemed to have an open mind .
Are you suggesting that you have come to your senses and wish to re establish the mutual benefits that stem from full participation in the roommate agreement ?
I will admit nothing of the sort . And now if you will excuse me , I have to call my dentist and see if I can also get my hair shampooed and my nails clipped .
Power failure . Implementing power failure protocol .
Oh , that was wildly carcinogenic . Anyway , it is too bad you are no longer entitled to the full benefits of my friendship , because I happen to be extremely prepared for such an emergency . Please try not to see anything by this light . It is not for you .
And I am sure some fool in the Donner party said the snow would stop any day now . I like to think they ate him first .
But candles ? During a blackout ? Are you mad ? That is a fire hazard . No , Pasadena Water and Power recommends the far safer glow stick .
Before you go , consider this . Not only do I have a deep cycle marine battery power source which is more than capable of running our entertainment system , I also have all 61 episodes of the BBC series Red Dwarf and Fiddle Faddle . All yours if you are willing to reinstate the roommate agreement .
Oh , he will be back . Wine and a girl in the dark , he is gonna be bored out of his mind .
Excuse me , Leonard .
Social niceties have been suspended , Leonard . We are in a state of a emergency . The world has descended into darkened turmoil . Lawlessness and savagery are the order of the day .
I am making s amores . I wanted to alert you in case you smelled caramelizing marshmallows and thought a nearby candy factory was on fire .
Yes , or good for us if you sign here and reinstate the full roommate agreement .
Really ? Huh ! Okay . In that case , I will have a s amore by myself . And then I am gonna have s amore . By myself .
This is a Bunsen burner . I am a scientist , I know what I am doing . Oh , drat .  Aw . It took me a gallon of urine to make that water .
What are you proposing ?
And how would I do that ?
Every time ?
Counter proposal . We reinstate the full roommate agreement with the following addendum , in the spirit of Mother is Day or Father is Day , once a year , we set aside day to celebrate all your contributions to my life , both actual and imagined by you . We could call it Leonard is Day .
Of course you do . It is about you , like everything else .  Oh , thank goodness . I do not think I had it in me to make another glass of water .
No .
No .
No .
Of course you get a card . It is Leonard is Day .
Oh , I do not know . But whoever that mystery man was , you should be eternally grateful , for without him , there would be no Leonard is Day .
Oh , no pressure . Just get him a crummy card , you are good .
Gentlemen , I think I have come up with a fun way to get young people interested in science . Physics Mad Libs . Now , give me a number .
Uh huh . And an irrational constant .
And a funny Greek letter .
I said funny .
Good one . And an electrical charge .
Ha . Perfect . Okay . Get this . Professor Jones told the symposium he had a new method for calculating the mass of a muon . Five times the limit of E to the upsilon as in a  . Okay . No , no . I will start over . Professor
Oh , Oh , Lord , that multiplication error ! He thought he carried the one . But he did not .
Stop ! I am going to wet myself !
Oh , President Siebert , I assume you had like to respond to one of the suggestions I put in the box by your office .
You do not like written suggestions . You do not like when I give them to you while we are urinating in the men is room . If I did not know any better , I had say that you are one of those stubborn people who are not open to suggestions .
I do not need a vacation .
But if I do not come into work , what am I supposed to do with myself ?
Sarcasm ?
Bleeding from my ears .
I am sneaking into work . Now , if the guard at the university asks what is under the blanket , you tell him it is some lobster traps .
Yes . That is how Velma and Scooby smuggled Shaggy into the old lighthouse .
Will they , Leonard ?
And no more singing .
I have GPS on my phone . I know you turned around .
Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed . Mahalo for nothing , Hawaii .
My family took a trip to Florida when I was a child . A seagull stole a hot dog from me on the beach . I got the message .
It is like I am living in a dictatorship . You must take a vacation , you must have fun , you must enjoy life .
One time they tried to make Richard Feynman take a vacation , but he chose instead to expand his mind and learn something new . He went to work in his friend is biology lab . Richard Feynman was a famous American physicist , part of the Manhattan Project .
Now you do , too . Oh ! I have a brilliant idea . Amy is a biologist . I will go work in her lab .
Ten seconds ago , you never heard of him . Now you are an expert .
Boy , oh , boy . This vacation is off to a wonderful start . The smell of formaldehyde , the whir of the centrifuge , the distant chatter of lab animals being dispatched for dissection . Mm , I can already feel my cares just melting away .
Way to kill the mood .
Okay , what do we start with ? Maybe splicing some genes , clone a sheep , perhaps grow a human ear on a mouse is back ? Ha ha , I am a freak !
Wash those bea… Oh , I get it , a little hazing for the new fella . Yeah , I had better keep and eye out for , what , shoe polish on the microscope , or mad cow disease in my grilled cheese sandwich ?
What ? Excuse me , you have Dr . Sheldon Cooper in your lab . You are gonna make him do the dishes ? That is like asking the Incredible Hulk to open a pickle jar .
I have plenty of experience in biology . I bought a Tamagotchi in 1998 . And it is still alive . Let is do this .
Here you go . This is now the only lab with glassware washed by a man with two doctorates and a restraining order signed by Carl Sagan .
Y you are being ridiculous . Those are perfectly clean .
Biologists are mean .
There was something wrong with that detergent . That was way too bubbly .
I intend to write that soap company a strongly worded letter .
You know what this place needs ? A suggestion box .
How is counting going ? When I was in kindergarten , I recited pi to a thousand places for the school talent show . I think I got this .
Aw , nuts ! One…
Yes , that is what I think . And I am super smart , so it is probably true .
I am sorry . It takes me a while to get things going on an unfamiliar toilet .
Maybe that is because I am not being challenged . It is the same reason Einstein failed math .
You think you are doing science by cutting up that brain ? They could do the same thing at any Quiznos . And they had offer to toast it for me , too .
All right . I am no stranger to a little gray matter . Locus coeruleus . Locus coeruleus .
It is not . I will have you know , in the field of physics , we work with particles so small , they make fat jokes about the locus coeruleus , i .e , when your locus coeruleus sits around the house , it sits around the house .
No . What you see is a man trembling with confidence . Does a locus coeruleus normally bleed that much ?
Oh , dear .
I am on vacation . Social convention dictates that I let my hair down at a local watering hole . Social convention is stupid .
You know , I have ten fingers and ten toes . If I tell you a story about each one of them , we will be here all day , let is just move on .
Ah , seeing as I am on vacation , a pina colada seems appropriate . Extra pineapple slices , extra whipped cream , extra cherries , extra umbrellas , and , uh , hold the rum . Do not let me have too many of those .
Oh , better than good .
Excuse me , this is a fairly substantial wound .
I was kind of hoping I could continue vacationing in your laboratory . After all , I did book the whole week .
I was not myself . I had lost a lot of thumb blood .
That is your opinion .
I am sorry that you were not able to…
That my genius…
That the soap was…
Fine . Sorry .
Next year I am going to Epcot .
These shrimp are all the same size . There is no the logical order to eat them in .
Mm , indeed .
Dibs .
What are you doing here , Kripke ?
This is not your office . It has not been assigned yet .
Dibs ? This is a university , not a playground . Offices are not assigned because someone called dibs .
Shut it . Offices are assigned by seniority . I arrived at the university first .
I found him . He is in the bathroom . President Siebert ?
I am sorry . We just need a word .
We tried . His assistant said he was on sabbatical . Although we distinctly heard his office window open and shut .
Oh , my . President Siebert , I do not mean to be an alarmist , but difficulty initiating a urine stream could be a symptom of benign prostatic hyperplasia . If you are interested , I can send you a link to a YouTube video that will show you how to perform your own rectal exam . Yeah , uh , helpful hint , trim your nails first .
Oh , he is just trying to butter you up . And for the record , butter is an excellent lubricant for your rectal exam .
Kripke ?
You are in my spot .
We are going to work this office situation out like gentlemen . And if that does not work , I am going to poison his tea .
Kripke . Come in . I am making tea . Would you like a cup ?
Fine . In the interest of preserving our friendship…
Well , that is a little hard to hear , but all right . As you know , the essence of diplomacy is compromise . With that in mind , I propose the following . I will take Rothman is office , and you will find a way to be okay with that .
You sure I ca not get you that cup of tea ?
Rock Paper Scissors Lizard Spock was created by Internet pioneer Sam Kass as an improvement on the classic game Rock Paper Scissors . All hail Sam Kass .
Oh , it is very simple . Scissors cuts paper , paper covers rock , rock crushes lizard , lizard poisons Spock , Spock smashes scissors , scissors decapitates lizard , lizard eats paper , paper disproves Spock , Spock vaporizes rock , and as it always has , rock crushes scissors .
Well , of course . Scissors cuts paper , paper covers rock , rock crushes lizard , lizard poisons Spock , Spock smashes scissors , scissors decapitates lizard , lizard eats paper , paper disproves Spock , Spock vaporizes rock , and as it always has , rock crushes scissors .
Surely . Scissors cuts paper , paper covers rock , rock…
Is he ? Well , then , it seems we have reached an impasse . I see no other option than to challenge you to a duel . I had smack you with a glove , but just last week I packed away my winter things .
Not pistols . Minds . A trivia contest , and you may choose the field of battle . Star Trek trivia , Star Trek : Next Generation trivia , Star Trek : Deep Space Nine trivia , Star Trek : Voyager trivia , or model trains .
Five what ?
Hey ! He did that on purpose ,
Use the force , Sheldon . Use the force .  I am gonna need more force .
What do you propose ?
I do not think so , Kripke . I have bounced many a rubber ball in my day .
Who is unsatisfactory in P .E . now ?
Ah , the spoils . I see why victors love them .
Oh , of course you are . Feel free to drop by any time .
Yeah . Call first .
Professor Rothman . This is not your office any more . You are retired .
I am trying to raise the temperature in here before my nipples tear through my shirt .
Aha ! Good question . It turns out the thermostat for my new office is not in my new office . No . It is next door , in Professor Davenport is office , who is currently enjoying the hot flashes associated with menopause .
Why is there a hole in my new office ? I have narrowed it down to two possibilities : There was something in the wall that someone outside the wall wanted , or the more disturbing , there was something in the wall that wanted out .
Is it ? Listen .
No , I hate them , but it gets worse . There it is .
Yeah , It is completely out of tune with the wind chimes .
You do not get it , do you ? That is a mockingbird . Mockingbirds can change their song , which means he is out of tune on purpose . He is mocking me . Oh dear . There it is again . Do you feel it ?
No . The vibration . We are directly underneath the geology lab , and they are running their confounded sieve shakers again . Hey , gravel monkeys , if you need to shake rocks , try jiggling your heads around !
How can I relax ? My nervous system is being stretched out like the strings of a harp and plucked by holes and birds and wind and the low hanging scrotum of the difficult to evict Professor Rothman .
What , and let him win ? Do I look crazy to you ? We are trying to think down here , you geode loving feldspar jockeys !  And you , the notes are C , D , E , G and A . You pick one or I am chopping down that tree !
Help ! Somebody help !
I was trying to see what was in here and my head got stuck .
It is called scientific curiosity . Now go get butter .Leonard : I am just gonna run to the store and get a few things . I will pick you up when you are done .
Okay . I like it a little better when you stay , but all right .
Hello . I am here for my haircut with Mr . D’Onofrio .
Oh , dear , Mr . D’Onofrio is in the hospital . Why do these things always happen to me ?
You are not Mr . D’Onofrio . I get my hair cut by Mr . D’Onofrio . You believe this guy ?
He is not a barber , he is the nephew . He is an example of the kind of nepotism that runs rampant in the barbering industry . Besides , Mr . D’Onofrio knows exactly how I like my hair done because he has all my haircut records from my barber in Texas .
When I first moved here I was nervous about finding a new barber , so my mother had all my haircut records sent here to Mr . D’Onofrio .
Yes , there are .
No , but my mother assured me they were sent here , and I will bet you dollars to doughnuts that this one does not have them . Uh , excuse me . Do you have access to my haircut records ?
To paraphrase T .S . Eliot , this is the way the world ends , not with a bang but with a nephew .
Fine , but if I come out of this looking like a dork , it is on you .
Nope .
I am trying to get the hair out of my eyes .
Thank you for captioning my nightmare .
I ca not help it , I feel like a teen heartthrob .
Penny , I know you mean well , offering the skills of the hill folk , but , um , here in town we do not churn our own butter , we do not , uh , make dresses out of gunny sacks , and , uh , we sure as shootin’ do not get our hair cut by bottle blonde…
I am sorry , it is the bad boy attitude that comes with this hair .
I am sorry . I am looking for a barber and I am running out of time . My hair is growing at the rate of 4 .6 yoctometers per femtosecond . I mean , if you are quiet , you can hear it .
I tried once . They do men is and women is hair in the same room at the same time . It is like Sodom and Gomorrah with mousse .
Why do not I let my hair grow out ? Um , why do not I start wearing Birkenstocks and , uh , uh , seeking validation of my opinions by asking can you dig it ?
Mr . D’Onofrio ? It is Sheldon . They did not have anything barber themed in the gift shop , so I got you this . I do not know if you can read his little T shirt . It says , um , get well bear y soon . Trust me , if you were even a little conscious right now , you had be laughing . Anyway , there is new studies that show , people in comas are aware of everything going on around them . With that in mind , if you can hear me , move away from the light and toward the sound of these scissors .
Yes . Do you have something I could use as a cape ?
Oh , no , no , I am just here to get my hair cut .
I got to run . But not with scissors , that would be unsafe .
Hello .
Eh , why ? My spot , your spot , what difference does it make ?
No , I am not all right . It is been six days since I was supposed to get a haircut and nothing horrible has happened .
Leonard , explain it to her .
I have spent my whole life trying to bring order to the universe by carefully planning every moment of every day . But all my efforts , our dinner schedule , my pyjama rotation , my bowel movement spreadsheet , it is clear now , I have been wasting my time .
Oh , please , everyone knows what is going to happen . But I see your point .
You are right . I should embrace the chaos .
I do not know . I could do anything . All bets are off . The world is my oyster . I got it . I am going to put on my Tuesday pyjamas tonight .
Hello , Leonard , do you like my bongos ? Bet you did not know that I had bongos .
Three in the morning is a good time for bongos .
Leonard sleeps while I play bongos .
Leonard no sleep while I play bongos . Bongo solo .
Richard Feynman played the bongos . I thought I had give that a try .
Penny meant if he were a purple leprechaun . Penny forgot to use the subjunctive .
Maybe , maybe not . Maybe tomorrow I start a bongo band and tour the world .
Roommate agreement ? Are you kidding ? We are living in a world of chaos . Roommate agreement .
Wherever the music takes me , kitten . I play bongos walking down the stairs .  Oh ! Oh ! Never play bongos walking down the stairs .
What is going on ?
Penny , you are not trained . You are not licensed . Most importantly , you do not have access to my haircut records .
Amy , what do you think ?
Fine , let is go . Thank you for letting me sleep on your couch .
Oh , relax . It was just her bottom and her breasts .
At the end of the haircut , Mr . D’Onofrio would tell me a dirty joke .
That is okay , I never understood them anyway .
Hmm , well , it is a little Hollywood . But I think I can pull it off . Well done , Penny .
Fun time . Hah . Sorry , sometimes the clippers tickle me .
Movies or video games ? Or board game ? Or trading card games ? Or Lego is ? Or dress up ? Or comic books ? Or dramatic readings of novelizations ? Yes to all !
The online game ? Bully !
Just tell her I ca not come .
She is 93 . She will not be disappointed for very long .
Amy , the relationship agreement was not designed for either one of us to get our way .
I use it to get the right way . The fact that the right way is also my way is a happy coincidence .
Yeah , well , who wants to spend the whole weekend , running around a bunch of pretend planets battling made up monsters . That is for babies .
Yeah , please , Amy ! It is got lightsabres !
Yes . I am attending a party this weekend , for a 93 year old woman . Can you recommend a gift ?
Do you supply the the tennis ball ?
Then no . What else ?
Well , she had just look silly wearing that without the rest of the costume .
Oh , it is not your fault . I have been to the model train store . I have been to Radio Shack . This woman is impossible to shop for .
No , Leonard , go ahead and mock . Like my daddy always said , Shelly , women are not anything but flippin’ pains in the bottom .
Well , I took out the bad words and the yeehaw , but you get the gist .
Yeah , I always thought if I were ever enslaved , it would be by an advanced species from another planet , not some hotsy totsy from Glendale .
You are right . I am smart as a whip . I should be able to figure this out .
Penny !  Penny !  Penny !
Hello , Penny . I just stopped by to bring you this gift .
Now that you are in my debt , please manipulate Amy into releasing me from my commitment to attend her aunt is tedious birthday party .
All right . I thought the candy might not be enough so let me up the ante . These are Cooper Coupons . These are for various things I can do for you . Um , oh , this one is for one free grammar check . Uh , you could use it for emails , letters , tattoos , what have you . Um , oh , this is fun one . This is an afternoon with me at the California Science Center , where I point out their mistakes .
Oh , come on . It is just a simple favour . Now , when is the last time I asked you to do something for me ?
When is the last time I asked you to do something that was not a medical emergency ?
All right , then , I have no choice but to go on to plan B .
I am going to run around outside with a wet head and try to catch a cold .
Hello .
All right .
Yes . I decided to find a way that I could have this experience and enjoy it .
Oh , do not thank me . Thank wireless technology . I realized , I can go to your aunt is awful party and still spend the whole day gaming with my friends .
Oh , I got that covered . Headset . I will not hear a word the old geezers are saying .
Thanks . Ooh , listen , I would not mind a piece of birthday cake , provided the old gal is candle blow is clean and dry .
Gentlemen , the game offers us a choice between playing for the Republic and the light side , or the Sith Empire and the dark side .
Those women are prostitutes ? You said they were raising money for stem cell research .
Is the whip sound app contextually appropriate here ?
Oh , good . Hah hah !
Dr . Rostenkowski , it may interest you to know that saying pew , pew , pew is not as effective as pressing your blaster key . In the same way that saying whee does not make the land speeder go .
Hah hah !
That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced . And I am sipping Kool Aid through a Red Vine .
Armin who ?
I think I understand . You are the one person who can say Sheldon Cooper is your boyfriend , but that rings hollow if you ca not lord him over others in the flesh . I forget what I bring to the party and what I take away when I leave . Please accept these valuable Cooper Coupons as restitution .
Well played , Amy Farrah Fowler . Let me get my coat .  Oh , grow up , Leonard .
Oh , you know what they say , the best things in life are free .
Oh , that is very kind of you . Next time I have a hankering to wash down a D cell battery with a jar of old pickle juice , I will come a knocking .
Yeah , I hate wedding receptions . I wish the bride and groom would take a cue from Bilbo Baggins , slip on the ring , disappear and everyone goes home .
They had a make your own sundae bar . Ooh , that was a night to remember . Do you know , on the one trip , I just had a bowl of nuts .
Howard , are you having a make your own sundae bar ?
Well you should . 50% of marriages end in divorce , but 100% of make your own sundae bars end in happiness .
Quantum physics makes me so happy .
It is like looking at the universe naked .
Oh , that was no joke . But I understand your confusion as I am our group is resident cut up .
Yes .
Knock , knock .
Interrupting physicist .
MUON !
Ah ! A vintage , mint in box , 1975 Mego Star Trek transporter with real transporter action . Hot darn !
Well this calls for an expression of gratitude .
Not this time . Then they would not be special . Thanks Penny .
Look , it was actually designed for my vintage Mr Spock action figure .
Oh dear Lord . No !
They are mint in box .
Is someone there ?
Spock ?
Fascinating . The only logical explanation is that this is a dream .
Was I hit on the head by a coconut .
But it is mint in box .
Well , I am not going to dignify that with a response .
To be played with .
Illogical . Oh , damn it Spock , you are right . I will do it .
Oh , of course . Set phasers to dumb , right ?  Goody , goody , goody . This is wrong . This is wrong . I am so excited , but this is wrong . I am gonna do it . I am doing it . I did it . Oh , that is what I always thought 1975 smelled like . One to beam down Mr Scott . Aye , aye , Mr Spock . Energise .  . Energise .  Do not be broken . Please do not be broken .  What did you make me do ? Okay , okay , think .  It is only logical .
Oh dear . Two suns and no sunscreen .
What is it now , tiny Spock ?
You are the one who told me to play with it .
No . If I got on the bridge of the Enterprise , I would never , ever leave .
Why ? I got away with it . Leonard has his toy , and he is never going to open it , so he will not know it is broken . And I have a toy that is not broken . Everybody is happy .
I thought where you come from they do not have emotions .
You know what you are ? Well , you are a green blooded buzzkill . Perhaps it is time you beam on out of here .
Very well . Cooper to Enterprise , one to beam up . Energise .  Ah . Tiny Spock . Help .
Oh , I do not want a broken toy .  Nothing !
Nothing . I said nothing .
Perhaps you should look with your eyes , and not your muscular Nebraska man hands .
My problem is that I do not want you to break Leonard is toy , which you probably did by shaking it . She shook it . We all saw her .
Mmmmm !
Oh , nice job , man hands .
Yes . Yes , he did , that is a perfectly satisfying and plausible explanation . Yeah , let is all be mad at Stuart .
Wait . It was me . I opened your toy , discovered it was broken and did not tell you .
I did not . That was a lie . I opened my own toy . And it was already broken so I switched them .
I ca not because that was a lie . Yours was broken in an earthquake . And that is a lie .
My Mr Spock doll came to me in a dream and forced me to open it . And when the toy broke I switched it for yours . Later he encouraged me to do the right thing and I defied him . And then I was attacked by a Gorn .
Leonard , Penny , I just , I want you both to know that I regret my actions toward the two of you . That is a lie .
Yes .
Okay . Leonard , even though I do not have one any more , I hope you have fun playing with it .
Big fat whopper . I hope it breaks .
Leonard , do you recall when I said that I was going to revolutionize humanity is understanding of the Higgs on particle , and you said , Sheldon , it is two a .m , get out of my bedroom ?
Well , I believe I have done it . And I am only saying believe to sound modest , because , sweet Sam Houston , I did it .
Oh , okay , let me see this . All right , so this particle here is the on moving forward in time . Now , I was thinking… Howard , you go ahead and eat . This is not going to make any sense to you .
Yeah , good for you , and do not stop working on it .
But I said I am sorry .
And you never answered me . So who owes whom an apology now ?
Um , to go to Jewish heaven ?
Then to avoid Jewish hell ?
Howard , please . This is Stephen Hawking . Perhaps my only intellectual equal .
Try to put yourself in my place . Imagine you are the sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing but dogs . And then it turns out there is another human being .
Yeah , okay , I can see you are going to take this the wrong way . Let me try again . Imagine you are the sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing but chimps .
Oh , now they are so much smarter than dogs . Have you seen them on those little bicycles ?
How about dolphins ?
Oh !
Oh !
Oh !
Howard , please , I am begging you .
Do you understand how important Hawking is to me ? When I was six years old , I dressed up as him for Halloween .
No , sir , no , I took my dad is desk chair , attached a Speak & Spell to it and made my sister push me up and down the block to trick or treat . Granted most people thought I was R2 D2 , but still , I got a lot of candy .
It is actually 01100111 .
I am not asking for me , I am asking for Hawking .
Okay , look , how about this ? Just give him my paper on the Higgs on . If he sees the incredible breakthrough I have made , he will reach out to me .
He will , he is really smart .
How do I do that ?
Walking away .
Hey , fellas , I am thinking about making some freshly brewed iced tea if anyone would like some .
I was not talking to you .
Yes , yes . What did you decide ?
Great , thank you . Oh , that is terrific .
What kinds of things ?
Of course .
Oh . By all means . When I was a boy , I would polish my Mee Maw is silver . And she would entertain me with stories about growing up in Oklahoma . Interesting woman . You know , she once killed a prairie dog with a gravy boat .
That is a lot of belt buckles .
You make sissy on your belt buckles ? Mee Maw is forks never had that .
Oh , I I buffed them with Turtle Wax . The man down at Pep Boys says from now on , the urine should just bead up and roll right off .
My Mee Maw must never know of this . Now will you give Professor Hawking my paper ?
And you want me to return it for you ?
Hello .
This is not my laundry .
Those are Howard is .
Because if I do not , he will not give my paper to Stephen Hawking . He is a famous physicist .
That is close enough .
Because he is punishing me for being a , quote , condescending jerk . You do not think I am condescending , do you ?
Oh , I am sorry , condescending means…
Au contraire . When I correct people I am raising them up . You should know , I do it for you more than anyone .
Or Don Quixote is a book about a donkey named Hotay .
Well , I ca not help it . That is an involuntary twinkle .
I want you to tell me that Howard is being mean to me for no reason .
I knew it .
What is it now , Mrs . Wolowitz ?
What do you want me to do ?
Oh , no , you know , I am not really the holding kind of… Oh !
I did it . Had to go to three clothing stores , but we finally found a dress that could envelop your mother .
Humorous . Now will you please present my paper to Professor Hawking ?
Oh , for heaven is sake . I did your laundry , I pee pee proofed your belt buckles , I , I even sprained my wrist helping your mother lift her om .
Okay .
Fine . You have very tiny hands .
You are obviously good at what you do .
Oh , I understand the confusion . I have never said that you are not good at what you do . It is just that what you do is not worth doing .
Now will you give my paper to Hawking ?
What , why not ?
All right , then . Thank you , Howard . Please let Professor Hawking know that I am available at his earliest convenience .
I want to thank you for taking time to see me .
I know .
Thank you . It just , it came to me one morning in the shower .
What do you mean wrong ?
No , no , th th th that ca not be right . I I do not make arithmetic mistakes .
Oh , no , no , no , of course not . It is just , I was thinking… Oh , gosh , golly , I made a boo boo , and I gave it to Stephen Hawking .
I wish you could all be inside my head . The conversation is sparkling .  Fine , I will tell you . A lichen is an organism made up of two separate species , fungi and algae . If you could merge with another species , what species would you pick and why ? Hint , there is a right answer . None of you will get it .
Wrong . Leonard ?
Wrong , and let is keep it clean , shall we ?
Clever , but also wrong . No , the best organism for human beings to merge with is the lichen itself . That way , you had be human , fungus , and algae . Triple threat . Like three bean salad .
All right , picture this , a beautiful outdoor concert . Now , as a human , I appreciate Beethoven . As a fungus , I have a terrific view , growing out of a towering maple tree . And no thank you , expensive concessions . Because as an algae , I will just snack on this sunlight .
Well , seems like a bit of a let down after our lichen conversation , but , what do you know , you are half swan .
You know Germans have an interesting pre wedding custom .
Boo , wine ! But yay , trains . I am in .
It is not bad . Unless you compare it to a train ; then it stinks .
Indeed . If I am to participate in the social convention that is the stag night , then I must embrace all its components , including tobacco , swear words , and yes , alcohol . Jeepers ! That is yucky .
I am confused . I thought since our reconciliation , I was your friend in this group .
Oh . I guess you are just friends with anybody .  Aagh !
And , apparently , Wil Wheaton is best friend .
Talk to the hand .
Yeah , I do .  . As is the tradition , I have prepared a series of disrespectful jokes which generate humour at Howard is expense . Prepare to have your ribs tickled . Howard , I always thought you had be the last one of us to ever get married , because you are so short and unappealing . Am I right ? Let is see here . Oh , seriously though , Howard , you are actually one of the most intelligent people I know . And that is a zinger , because you are not . I have always thought that you had make someone a fine husband someday . Assuming you had be able to get the parts , and develop the engineering skills to assemble them , which I do not see as likely . Hacha ! Okay , let me see here . Okay , kidding aside , Howard , you are a good friend . And I wish you nothing but happiness . Bazinga , I do not !
Doubleazinga ! I do ! Good luck following that .
And the first woman you ever disappointed sexually . Ba da bazinga !
Jeepers , I am drunk .
Here .
You are upset . The convention is to bring an upset person a hot beverage .
Chicken broth . It seemed culturally appropriate . Also , there was a single cube of chicken bouillon in the cupboard when I moved in and it is been bothering me for the last eight years . So , as they say , two birds .
I just threw up the bachelor party .
Yes , of course that is why it is tight .
You are kidding . Should not the question be why are not you ?
Leonard , these rental tuxedos have been worn by hundreds of sweaty strangers . I do not like my own sweat touching my skin , how do you think I feel about theirs ?
Said the hangman offering a noose .
Ah , much better .
A little . But not more than your urethras will be after whatever is in those pants swims up them . Well , I cut quite the dashing , yet hygienic figure , do not I ? I look like the Flash about to get married . Oh ! A tissue ! A tissue ! Oh , good Lord !
Keys ! Keys ! Keys !
Amy ?  Amy ?  Amy ?
It is not an accident . I waited outside your door for twenty minutes .
I must say , I was surprised you chose to spend our date night in your apartment . As I mentioned , the Pasadena City Council is debating longer crosswalk times , and later , the LEGO store is having a midnight madness sale . You ask anyone , that is a hot date .
What can be more special than having an adequate amount of time to cross the street on your way to buy a tiny LEGO Indiana Jones ?
Oh , dear Lord . Two years ago , we did not even know each other , and now I am in your apartment after dark . How much faster can this thing go ?
Oh , you brain monkeys kill me . Dip away .
And how do you propose to do that ? Uh , hope you are not thinking about some sort of LSD thought control . Because there is only one mind expanding drug that this man enjoys , and that is called school .
Well , seems what is on the menu tonight is malarkey with a big side of poppycock .
Super Mario Bros . theme ?
I see what you are doing . You are attempting to build on the work of Ebbinghaus by triggering an involuntary memory of me playing that game , admittedly the happiest 600 hours of my childhood , but it will not work .
Da da da da da dum , boink , boink .
You know I do not drink .
I love strawberry Quik . It is my favourite pink fluid , narrowly beating out Pepto Bismol .
Spaghetti with little pieces of hot dog cut up in it !
Oh yummy , yummy ! We should do this more often . Uh oh .
Bishop to queen four , level two . Check .
I am fine .
Very well . Can I ask you a question about women ?
No , I am having a relationship problem with Amy . And by the way , that book gave me nightmares .
Look at us , Leonard , engaging in the social convention of men bellyaching about their ol’ ladies .
Believe it or not , Amy has embarked on a campaign to increase my feelings for her by making me happy .
It is awful . This morning , she arranged for me to be an Amtrak junior conductor for the day . It , it is usually only open to children . She got them to make an exception .
They let me blow the whistle , Leonard .
I know . And it gets worse . Her efforts are causing me to have affectionate feelings for her at inappropriate times .
No ! Would you please stop referencing that infernal book ? For example , this morning , I was calculating the random motion of virtual particles in a vacuum , when suddenly the particles morphed into an image of Amy is dandruff gently cascading down onto her pale , slightly hunched shoulders . Oh , what has that vixen done to me , Leonard ? And how do I make it stop ?
I assume we are talking about you now ?
So , that is how this works ? I complain , and then you complain , and no one offers any solutions ?
Well , no wonder the women are winning .
I am in hell , Leonard . Do not stop .
289 , right between the Game Show Network at 288 and the East coast feed of the Disney Channel on 290 .
Dried potatoes , vegetable oil , corn flower , wheat starch , maltodextrin , salt , and my favourite ingredient of all , uniformity .
Remarkable . In just under a half hour , 200 metric tons of fuel will ignite in a controlled explosion right beneath Howard is keister . And all from a country whose entire contribution to the global economy , has been Tetris and mail order brides .
Thank you for the invitation , but I have to decline because it does not sound like something I will enjoy .
That is what you said about The Green Lantern movie . You were 114 minutes of wrong .
It does , indeed . Leonard , is it awkward being here with Penny given that you recently proposed to her ?
He asked her during coitus .
Leonard , where did you envision marrying Penny ?
I will do it , provided I can perform the ceremony in Klingon .
What do you see in her ?
You did not have to do that .
Oh , dear . I was afraid of this .
While a thoughtful gift , this comic book in this condition is worth at least a hundred dollars .
I bought you and Bernadette a gravy boat worth eighty eight dollars . Which places me in your debt and I ca not be in your debt because someday you might ask me to help you move , or to kill a man .
Well , what if it is his only way out ? I ca not risk it . Here is twelve dollars . Now , we are even . Wait , wait , wait , I bought a card . Give me two dollars . And for the record , this is why I hate gift giving .
I think the Reverend Hofstadter is making an ironic connection between your statement about love and your rejection of his proposal in the bedroom .
Would you like some aloe vera ? You just got burned . All right , my turn . Howard , Bernadette . Daq tu’ taH Daq yIn tlhej ghajtaH .
Fine , I will do it in English , but it loses something . The need to find another human being to share one is life with has always puzzled me . Maybe because I am so interesting all by myself . With that being said , may you find as much happiness with each other as I find on my own . The Klingon would have made you cry .
And the Klingon High Council…
Boldly go , Howard Wolowitz .
I must admit , I ca not help but feel a twinge of envy . He can look out the window and see the majesty of the universe unfolding before his eyes . His dim , uncomprehending eyes . It is like a cat in an airport carrying case .
Whatever it is , we know his life will never be the same .
Leonard , where do you stand on the anthropic principle ?
You do not even know what it is , do you ? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does , the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question . As I am doing so eloquently right now .
Of course . I just explained it to you . Now , where do you stand on it ?
Strongly pro .
Yeah , wait , Raj , where do you stand on the anthropic principle ?
Attaboy !
Oh , Leonard . Let is not take a saw to the branch we are sitting on , shall we ?
As I have stated before on numerous occasions , the only sea creature I would even consider being eaten by is the Kraken , because the last words I would hear are “Release the Kraken .” That never gets old . “Release the Kraken !” Oh , chills . Besides , I am having dinner with Amy .
Darn . If you were not busy , I had ask you to join us .
Oh , absolutely . I have a contractual obligation to provide Amy with conversation and casual physical contact , but nowhere is it specified that I ca not outsource that to an Indian .
Oh , I am glad you like it . Raj picked it out .
Tell him yourself .
I invited him .
Yes , it is . There is a loophole in the Relationship Agreement .
Oh , I hope that is a rhetorical question , because I have no clue .
Every time you drink alcohol .
Your point being ?
I just had cobbler .
W Where are you going ?
You ca not leave . I need you .
Yes . You are my ride .
All right . Please . Amy , when I look in your eyes and you are looking back in mine , everything feels not quite normal , because I feel stronger and weaker at the same time . I feel excited and , at the same time , terrified . The truth is , I do not know what I feel , except I know what kind of man I want to be .
I should hope so . That is from the first Spider Man movie .
Good . Now , I assume we are splitting the cheque ?
Okay , my turn . Let me talk to him .
2311 North Los Robles Avenue , Pasadena , California to International Space Station . Can you read me ? Over .
Copy that . Over .
I am talking to a man in space . If you do not have the  then he might as well be at the Coffee Bean over on Lake Street .
That is a negative . My mother had me tested . Over .
Over and out .
What are you doing here ?
Excuse me . I did not authorize this .
That is mighty sassy for a man with a roommate performance review around the corner .
The big deal is I was expecting us to be an intimate group of five . Now , we are going to be a faceless mass of six .
Hmm . Do you like Raisinets ?
At the movies , Wolowitz always eats Raisinets .
Well , it is hardly my business what you eat , as long as it does not crunch during the film and it is Raisinets .
Yuh uh , one more question , if you are going to replace Wolowitz , I need to know a little more about you .
Wolowitz went to MIT . What is your educational background ?
Equally ridiculous . Let is go .
Yeah , of course you do . You are a girl . You like all kinds of hippy dippy things .
It is not fair . Penny is not making Leonard hold hands .
Sweaty ? Unhygienic ? Looks dumb ? Take your pick .
Wrong . She just took a sip from his Diet Dr . Pepper .
So , if she wants to end her pair bond with Leonard , why on earth would she guzzle a witches’ brew of his soda and spit ?
String theory is complicated . That is just yucky . Do not get any ideas . All right , for the sake of argument , let is say that is true . Why does not Penny just end the relationship ?
How can she not be sure how she feels ? You know , when I have a feeling , I know it . Trains ? Love them . Swordfish ? I love them , too . They are fish with a sword for a nose .
Now you are asking me to keep a secret from my best friend , colleague , and roommate ?
Uh , fine . FYI , secret keeping ? Hate it . Hand holding ? Not a fan . Hammerhead shark ? I love that thing . Yeah , it is another fish with a tool on its head .
Shh , we are trying to watch the movie . This is not working out with him .
I think I might have tartar buildup . My tongue will not go as far forward as it used to .
Thank you . I appreciate that . You are good people , Leonard . There is something I need to tell you .
I ca not tell you .
I ca not tell you why I ca not tell you . So I guess there is two things I ca not tell you .
Good night . I am sorry . This is really important .
I like The Transformers . Do you like The Transformers ?
Leonard , the Transformers teach us that things are not always what they appear to be . You know , like , uh , a semi truck might be an alien robot , or , uh , someone in a romantic relationship , uh , might feel differently than they appear to . Or a conversation about The Transformers might actually be about someone in this room . I am going to pause to let that sink in .
You do ?
That is literally the stupidest thing I have ever heard .
Are you sleeping ?
Never mind . I still ca not tell you .
You frightened me .
Yeah , well , I knocked on the front door , but you did not hear it .
Yeah , really ? I have seen strange men traipsing in and out of here for years , but when I do it , it is weird ?
Oh , I was having a little trouble sleeping and I just thought , uh , seeing as you are up , we could talk .
Oh , I do not know , uh , weather , uh , fish you could do carpentry with , why Leonard is such an attractive and desirable boyfriend . Yeah , pick one , your choice .
Did you know that Leonard has a perfect driving record and enjoys the insurance discounts that go along with that ? Hubba hubba .
Yeah . Did you know that while Leonard is not considered a tall fellow in our country , in today is North Korea , he is downright average . Hey , talk about a keeper .
Oh , very well . I ca not keep up this clever charade any longer . She told me that you were thinking of ending it with Leonard .
Excuse me . This is not about protecting my friend . I am a big fan of homtasis . Do you know what that is ?
Homtasis refers to a system is ability to regulate its internal environment and maintain a constant condition of properties like temperature or pH .
My point is I do not like when things change . So , regardless of your feelings , I would like you to continue dating Leonard . And also , while we are on the subject , you recently changed your shampoo . I am not comfortable with the new scent . Please stop this madness and go back to green apple .
I do . You clear on the shampoo issue ?
Penny ?
Please do not hurt my friend .
Thank you . Coconut ? What were you thinking ? Are you a hula girl ?
Yeah , just a heads up : Penny knows that you blabbed about Leonard . She is pretty mad .
All right then , so we are all on the same page . Yes .
I am sorry . Wolowitz would never play that card .
Fairy God Monster , I win . Your desperate need for friendship makes you weak .
Leonard ? Maybe you had like to go with them to meet girls .
Yeah , for now . But that woman has a death wish , Leonard . She talks to strangers , she pets unfamiliar dogs , and it is ridiculously easy to break into her apartment . If I were you , I had get a back up .
Do you remember how upset I was when they replaced Edward Norton as the Hulk ?
But , then Mark Ruffalo was the Hulk in The Avengers , and he was even better .
Call me a romantic . I like to think that your Mark Ruffalo is still out there somewhere .
Yeah , settle down there , fake Wolowitz . No one likes a kiss up .
Oh , thank you , Penny .
Yeah , wait , here . For your troubles .
Yeah , it is journals and research papers I wrote as a child .
No , that is my potty training journal .
Yeah . And forgive my crude penmanship . I did not start typing until I was six .
There are some charts in the back where I kept track of shape , colour and consistency .
I am glad you asked . Are you familiar with the Higgs on ?
Nice try . Now , in 1964 , Dr . Peter Higgs , accomplished self promoter and physicist , he wrote a paper postulating the existence of a subatomic particle called the Higgs on . Now , initially the paper was rejected , but recently , he was proven right , and now he is on the fast track to win a Nobel prize .
Yeah , the point is Higgs is being celebrated for work he did 50 years ago , so that got me thinking , perhaps I have already hit upon the idea that will win me my Nobel prize .
Well , this box only covers my work through nursery school . There is a good deal more to come . I did not really hit my academic stride until I cut out that time suck known as playing outdoors .
That is a good point . My time is much too valuable . You know , perhaps I should find someone to do it for me . You know , someone with a rudimentary understanding of science , but whose real talents lie in menial labour .
Well , if I did not think you could handle it , I would not be asking .
You , really ? You can assess the quality of my work ? Okay , um , here . I wrote this when I was five years old .
You said it , not me .
Now , are you sure ? Everyone is smoking them . I think they are the best .
Excellent , yeah . That was a ruse . They are not the best . Physics is the best . And by the way , coffee was also an unacceptable choice . All right , so I see here you are from Des Moines , Iowa . Uh , you are summa cum laude in theoretical physics from Stanford University . Oh , and two years ago , you had a persistent ear infection . I hope that did not cause any hearing loss .
I did a comprehensive background check . Medical records , credit reports , criminal history .   I trust you paid off those parking tickets .
Hearing unimpaired , good .
Flattery will not get you this job , Ms . Jenson .
Oh , well , thank you . Welcome aboard .
No . I have people for that now . You are up .
Yeah , please reserve chitchat for your breaks , Ms . Jenson . FYI , there will be no breaks .
Oh , in fact , she has . Uh , her exact words were , what is that guy is problem ?
Half chocolate , half vanilla , side by side , not swirled ?
Half a teaspoon of sprinkles ?
Two cherries ?
Stems removed ?
It is all right , Alex . I am not mad at you , I am just disappointed .
Uh , Alex , a moment . I need a word with Dr . Hofstadter . Do you think it is appropriate for her to sit with us , given her station ?
If I have learned anything from British television shows on PBS , it is that servants dine downstairs with their own kind .
It is a kindness , Leonard . Otherwise , you are cruelly tempting them with a glimpse of a world that is just beyond their soot stained fingertips .
I believe Alex may have unearthed the grade school science project that could be my ticket to the Nobel Prize . Behold .
The original title was “A Rederivation of Maxwell is Equations Regarding Electromagnetism”” I dumbed it down because some of the more religious people in town were starting to say I was a witch .
Notice people on your own time . We are working .
Yeah , you had a good run , Fake Wolowitz . We will remember you with nostalgic fondness , the way we do the dial up modem , the VHS tape , or , or Leonard is gym membership .
Okay , one vote for , one vote against . Leonard , you are the tiebreaker .
Well , I do not sell my friendship that cheaply .
Welcome aboard , old chum .
He left a boy , he returns a boy sized hero .
You know , I am very disappointed that I will not be able to celebrate Howard is accomplishment tonight .
Yes , it is just that in all the years I have known him , he is never had the opportunity to receive my admiration . I was excited to see the look on his face when it finally happened .
I know .
Oh , that hardly seems fair . But I guess any team that I am not on has a decided disadvantage .
Yeah , once again , I know .
Got it .
Oh , Leonard . Now , how can you not get that ?
It is not a present , it is the present . Look . There is you and me . There is Penny and Amy . We are playing Pictionary . In the present .
It is asymptotically free partons inside a quark gluon plasma .
It is an observational rebuttal of the Lambda CDM model of the universe .
Hey , if you want someone to guess chocolate chip cookie , you draw a glass of milk next to it .
Yeah , only after I eliminated all the obvious answers . You are welcome .
There .
Come on , Leonard , I am spoon feeding this to you .
Wait , no , no . No . The word is Polish . See , look . Polish sausage . And the , the model of the solar system developed by Nicolaus Copernicus , a Polish astronomer . And then , finally , if that was not enough , which it should have been , this is Madame Curie killing herself by discovering radium , who , although she was a naturalized French citizen , was Polish by birth .
Ah . So it is . I guess we both share blame on this one .
Do not know .
I am not a loser . Pictionary is not a true test of any real intelligence or skill .
Lot of big talk from a man who ca not draw a chocolate chip cookie .
All right . Let is play Physics Fiesta .
It is a game that I just invented , in which the participants answer physics questions in remedial Spanish . Um , ¿Dónde está el on de Higgs ?
Bueno , mi amigo .
All games are made up . They are not found in nature . You do not just dig in the ground , come across a rich vein of Rock’em Sock’em Robots .
That is true . I have a higher than normal body density . If I run too deep a bath , I drown .
No , that is not fair either .
Darts is a bar game . You have been frequenting drinking establishments since you were of legal age .
Well , regardless , she has a distinct advantage in all tavern based competitions . Pool , beer pong , wet T shirt contests , they are all out .
No .
Hurry up , find him , find him .
For goodness’ sake , he is wearing a hat , glasses , and a red striped shirt .
How could you not find him ?
I am okay . I am okay . I am not okay .
Stop that .
Amy , do something . Amy , help . Amy , stop that . Amy , Penny , both of you , stop it .
Wait . I am a little concerned . Blueberries are rich in antioxidants .
So , with all those antioxidants , what if I run out of oxidants ?
That is rude .
Oh , ow , blueberry in my nose , blueberry in my nose !
For the record , he also thinks the Walgreens and the dry cleaners are out of this world .
Interesting hypothesis . Let is apply the scientific method , perform an experiment .
It is fascinating . Let me see if I can duplicate the result . Howard , I have always thought the lemon was an underrated fruit . Care to weigh in ?
Oh , well .
What kind of tea would you like ?
Two tea bags in one cup ? You are not at a rave .
I could not agree more .
Oh , oh , on the contrary . Couples costumes are one of the few benefits of being in a relationship . Now imagine this , you and I entering Stuart is party and all eyes turn to see America is most beloved and glamorous couple .
R2 D2 and C 3PO . Dibs on Threepio .
Okay , I am gonna let that slide because I know you are hopped up on tea bags .
Fine . How about one of the most beguiling and influential couples of the 20th century ? Hewlett and Packard . Dibs on Hewlett . What ? You want to be Hewlett ?
Night of the Living Garlic Bread ?
I am sorry , but these are just ordinary foods with the names bent into tortured puns . The dishes themselves are in no way Halloweenie .
What are you smiling at ?
A Tardis makes no sense . It is a time machine from a science fiction show . It has nothing to do with Halloween . That being said , if you do not get a Tardis , you stink and your party stinks .
Yes ! This party just became a major rager .
Yes .
We seem to have different approaches here . I was going for helpful honesty . I have no idea what you are doing .
Okay . If you think being nice will get him to shut up , I will try it .
Look at that , the problem solved itself .
No , I do not think so . Those dolls represent three things I do not care for , clowns , children and raggediness . I think it is a lost cause .
What is a hickey ?
I should have picked hickey .
It was a compromise . I lost .
Paradigm shifting news , gentlemen .
Earlier today , I invited Professor Stephen Hawking to join me in the popular online game Words with Friends . Moments ago , he accepted my request . Do you understand what that means ?
I will walk you through it . The game is not called Words with Strangers . No , it is not even called Words with Acquaintances . It is called Words with…
Friends ! It is Words with Friends ! Which Stephen Hawking and I officially are . Now all I need is a bunk bed with a slide , I will have everything I have ever wanted since I was six years old .
And I am happy for you , too . You are now friends with someone who is officially friends with Stephen Hawking . Enjoy it , boys . You may have peaked .
And if they ever come out with a game called Words with People You Once Worked With , you will be off to the races .
Hold that thought ! Professor Hawking has made a move . Boy , oh , boy . Oh , it is only a matter of time before we are coming up with fun nicknames for each other . I will be Coop . He will be Wheels . If he is okay with that .
Yes . I play the word quiver with a triple letter and a double word score for 72 points . That ought to let the air out of your tyres , Hawking .
It is glorious . One of the greatest intellects of our time has agreed to engage with me in a gentlemanly battle of wits . And I am spanking him so hard his grad students will not be able to sit down .
What is your point ?
Ooh , my friend Stephen just played the word act for 18 points . That is right , I call him Stephen now , because I checked , and he was not okay with Wheels .
Amy . Why would you give me a word ? Now , if I play extract it would be cheating .
Although , I could play the completely unrelated and better word extract  . Ethical conundrum avoided . Thanks , brain .
It is been three days . Why has not Stephen Hawking played a word ?
Not challenging ? I was humiliating the man . I was thinking of writing a book called A Brief History of the Time I Made Stephen Hawking Cry Like a Little Girl .
Really ?
Good Lord , what have I done ?
Play . Play . Play . Play . Play .
Trying to use a Jedi mind trick to control Stephen Hawking . Play . Play . Ugh ! He must be wearing a tinfoil hat or something .
Does it affect me ?
Then suffer in silence . Play . Play . Play .  Stephen Hawking .  Stephen Hawking .  Stephen Hawking .
Stephen Hawking hates me .
I was beating him so bad , he does not want to be friends anymore . Why does everyone love me except Stephen Hawking ?
How would I know ? I am not listening to you .
I humiliated Stephen Hawking in a game of Words with Friends . He stopped playing , and now we are not friends anymore .
Hmm . Beats me . Now , I know Hawking is not busy because I can see he is playing other people right now .
Wolowitz told me he is a big baby . But I did not know that , and I played extract for 82 points . It is all Amy is fault . She told me to play it . I have got to cut her loose .
Yeah , I hear you , brother .
Fine . Women , huh ?
Blonde women , huh ?
It sucks to be you .
Leonard , wait . No . I listened to your dumb thing . Leonard , come back . Leonard , come back . Leonard , come back .
Oh , of course , it only works on the weak minded .
No . It would appear as if I have lost him . Stupid brain .
How can it be okay ? Stephen Hawking is a genius and he talks like a robot . It is everything I have ever wanted in a friend .
You are right . I guess I just have to make lemonade out of the two of you . He played ! He played ! Coop and Rolling Thunder are together again . He was okay with that nickname .
Yeah , way ahead of you . I will play the word at for two measly points , throwing the game and thus securing my friendship with the smartest man in the world .
I ca not . Losing on purpose is intellectually dishonest .
Oh , but I want to be Hawking is friend .
Oh , but if I do , I will be a phony , a sellout , a Hollywood poser .
I will not . This feels right . My mother always said , to thine own self be true .
‘Course she also told me that every animal in the world got on one boat , so what does she know ? And send .
She sounds exactly like you .
It is Stephen Hawking .
Professor Hawking , how nice of you to call .
Oh , me , too .
Yes , congratulations . You won fair and square . Uh , very impressive , sir .
Oh , I love brain teasers .
Hello , I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper . Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags . Before we get started , I had like to announce the winner of our design your own flag competition . But I ca not . The only entry was from GameyGamer75 , and I know that was a jpeg of your buttocks . Now this week we have a very special episode where we explore the flags of the popular entertainment franchise , Star Trek . And to help me , I am pleased to introduce Internet personality , former star of Star Trek : The Next Generation , and the only guy I know lucky enough to be immortalized in one sixteenth scale . Set phasers to fun for my friend , Wil Wheaton .
What is wrong ?
My friend , Wil Wheaton .
So , Wil , what do you have for us first ?
It is true . In 1982 , Wil played the voice of Martin the mouse in The Secret of NIMH . You moved me .
So , Wil , what do you have for us first ?
Oh , none that I could see . I saw a man who loved flags almost as much as I do . I got goose bumps .
Really ? He reminded me of a young William Shatner .
Well , you are my girlfriend and I do not want you to be upset . Then again , Wil Wheaton is my friend and I do not want him to be upset . Hmm , this is a sticky wicket .  What do you think ?
I will be right back . Feel free to play with yourself .
Amy , I ca not just ask Wil Wheaton to leave . He is a minor celebrity . Once you explain who he is , many people recognize him .
Could you ? That would solve everything . You are the best . I will see you at dinner tonight ?
Come to think of it , I would ! You , little lady , are on fire .
I was out raising heck with Mr . Wil Wheaton . Four hours more and we would have closed down the HomeTown Buffet .
Yeah , I did , but then Wil called Amy a pain in the A S S . She got huffy and left , then Wil and I headed out to dinner . That place really did remind me of my hometown . Because there we also have a HomeTown Buffet .
Yes , quite the kerfuffle .
Walked right out the door .
Enjoyed a delightful dinner at a reasonable price . The manager recognized Wil and let us sit right next to the frozen yoghurt machine . Right next to it . I was closer to it than I am to you right now .
Why is that ?
You are just repeating what I said . It is like living with a lactose intolerant parrot .
Fine . It is a shame you did not go to dinner with us , because the buffet you are about to enjoy only serves humble pie , a dessert much less tasty than frozen yoghurt . I was this close .
You will appreciate this . Leonard has some ridiculous notion that you are mad at me . Tell him you are not mad at me . Go ahead , set him straight .
Hmm . Eat one of your Luna bars . Very often when women think they are angry , they are really just hungry .
Precisely , I did not do anything . Now does someone feel like checking her emotional math ?
Wow , Amy is mad and Leonard was right . What a weird day .
Amy .  Amy .  Angry Amy .
I have been thinking about what happened , and I hope this gift will make things better .
First of all , you are welcome . And furthermore , not being familiar with Wil Wheaton is body of work , there was no way for you to know you were being rude to a national treasure . Get ready for 130 hours of I told you so .  Fine . I will just tell you what happens . Episode one , Encounter at Farpoint . Fade in . The new Enterprise heads out on its maiden voyage to contact the Bandi people of Deneb IV . Enter Wesley Crusher , played by my buddy…  She is hooked .
Penny , if you would not mind , I had like to have a conversation about girls .
Penny , please , I am on the horns of a relationship dilemma . And for the record , I had a full pubis of hair by the time I was 19 .
Well , it is been a rough day . I usually go chamomile tea , but I do not think that is going to cut it .
Will that calm my nerves ?
Sold .
The trouble is not with me , Penny , it is with your gender . Someday , scientists will discover that second X chromosome contains nothing but nonsense and twaddle .
It is a Band Aid at best . See , the core problem is that Amy and Wil do not like each other . Which is baffling because they are both crazy about me . And I like them , which indicates they are bright and interesting and/or were on Star Trek .
Not true . Leonard made me like you . And let me tell you , that was a hard row to hoe . Cheers , pal . Ooh . Boy , that is a treat that is hard to beat . Get the Mad Hatter on the horn , I am having a tea party .
I drink tea all the time . I think I know what I am doing .
My problem is I am out of tea .
Penny , please , I think I have evolved beyond my simple rustic upbringing .
On the other hand , that low down polecat done wronged my woman .
Amy deserves better . You know , when we buy the Planter is deluxe mix , she eats all the Brazil nuts so I do not have to look at them . She is a unique blend of saint and squirrel .
I am a callous egomaniac . She is gonna leave me .
No , she will not . I am great .
Wil Wheaton !  Wil Wheaton ! Wait , how many was that ?
Would not you like to know ?
Just tea . S’the best tea I have ever had .
I will tell you . I am from Texas . Need I say more ?
You insulted my woman . I am here to defend her honour . Two ! It was two .  Wil Wheaton ! Now prepare yourself for what may come .
My fists are not up here because I am milking a giant invisible cow . They are up to beat an apology out of you .
Well , that was a long bus ride for not very much .
You are asking a lot of questions , Wil Wheaton . As a matter of idle curiosity , which of your shrubberies do you feel would benefit from a thorough vomiting ? Never mind , I will choose .  You were so good in Stand by Me .
I do not know what she is talking about , but I am obligated to agree with her . She is my girlfriend .Raj : What are you drawing over there ?
It is a hypothetical containment field for a Frisbee sized wormhole that could serve as a portal to a parallel universe .
It is a Frisbee sized wormhole , Leonard . You can block it with a Frisbee . Calm down .
I expect you to wipe the pudding off your chin . Gentlemen .
Oh , hello .
No , thank you .
I am quite sure . Good day .
Where are you going ?
I just told you .
Well , it is your word against mine ; see you in court .
To be honest , I did not know you were here .
You think you do not care ?
Oh , I do not know . I mean , statistically speaking , I am sure you have something to worry about .
Well , if we assume your looks are average , yeah , right off the bat , fifty percent of men on Earth are more attractive than you . That is one point five billion handsome lads standing by , waiting to rain on your parade .
Not height , vision , athleticism , or ability to digest dairy products .
You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole .
I am not saying you do not have attractive qualities . Your choice of friends is impeccable , you are a good sleeper , and last but not least , you buy the grapes I like . You are a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes .
Well , unless of course he is a skilled hypnotist .
While unlikely , it is still a statistical possibility . She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it .
Am I ? The mind is a mysterious thing , Leonard . He could be having the time of his life while she thinks she is a chicken pecking for corn .
I thought you left a long time ago .
The first forty three parallel universes I have checked proved to be empty . I see no reason to suspect universe number forty four will be any different .
Sorry ? You may not realize it , but I have difficulty navigating certain aspects of daily life . You know , understanding sarcasm , feigning interest in others , not talking about trains as much as I want to . It is exhausting . Which is why , for twenty minutes a day , I like to go down to that room , turn my mind off and do what I need to do to recharge .
You do not need to know , you do not deserve to know , and you will never know .
If a zombie bites you , you turn into a zombie . However , if a mummy bites you , all you turn into is some schmo with a mummy bite . So , like a zombie , that is been eaten from the waist down , you , sir , have no leg to stand on .
Oh , thank you .
I am sorry , 294 ?
That is my parking spot .
It does not matter . That is my spot .
Well , I am not using my nipples , either . Maybe they should reassign those .
I do not want another parking space . I want my parking space . It is perfect . It is a corner spot , cutting the risk of door dings in half . It is a mere 28 steps from the building entrance . The nearby tree provides shade on hot days and is also home to a delightful squirrel . Which is fortuitous because most squirrels are real jerks .
Do not try to change the subject . This is about a parking space . It has nothing to do with cars .
I always listen to myself . It is one of the great joys of my life . Now , get your car out of my spot .
Very well . You leave me no choice .
Yeah , that was five weeks ago . How much longer is he gonna milk that cow ?
No , no , this is a slippery slope , Leonard . It starts with a parking space , where does it end ? It is like my dad always said , first they say you ca not drink and drive , next thing you know , you ca not let your 10 year old take the wheel while you sleep one off in the backseat .
Leonard , you are my best friend . Why do not you ever take my side ?
I am sorry , but could you be more specific ?
Oh , that . Well , see , I wanted it , and you were not using it . Apparently , those are the rules we live by now . Payback , it truly is the B word , is not it ?
I had love to help you out , but unfortunately  , I am using it .
Go ahead . That is the only doctorate you will ever get . It smells funny in here .
Cookie .
Well , I am not giving it away .
He is in my spot . Leonard , make him stop being naked in my spot .
Get off there .
Give me back my parking space .
You do not need an Iron Man helmet . You are not Iron Man .
Keep a lookout . This place is swarming with campus security . They will not hesitate to scold us .
Oh , yeah . Okay , now , pull your car into the spot and let is get out of here .
Yes , and be sure and put on the emergency brake . Really makes these things tough to budge .
All right , colour me intrigued .
I think you are high on paint fumes . And boy , that is a lot of Band Aids .
Morning , Professor Stevens . Do not look at that whiteboard . That is my math , not your math . Keep walking , nosey .
Oh . You said I am not using my space , so I am using it .
No , I do not .
Actually , I have a plastic baggy strapped to my leg that says I can . Give up , Wolowitz . You have chosen to tangle with a superior intellect you ca not defeat . There is nothing you could possibly do to…
Oh , yes , they are . I mean , what ?
Your threats are empty , nothing can move me .  Stop that .
No . That is it . I am calling campus security . You prepare for the scolding of your life .
He is trying to kill me , Leonard . Video games and rock music have desensitized him to violence .
Oh , preposterous . I have been solely responsible for this university is six loop quantum gravity calculations , I have changed the way we think about Bose Einstein condensates , and I am also the one who got Nutter Butters in the cafeteria vending machine . Maybe you missed that news while you were floating around like a goof in outer space . Now , if you will excuse me , I have work to do .
Hey , sweet ride .
Just breaking in your new car .
You know what they say ? Revenge is a dish best served nude .
Oh , of course , come in .  This is an authentic Chinese throwing star , and I must warn you , I have seen many people throw them in movies .
Well , Howard , thank you . It is quite a gesture on your part . You have shown yourself to be the bigger man .
Which I find totally unacceptable . I must be the bigger man . Therefore , you may use my spot until such time as I learn to drive or get a Batmobile .
There is nothing to say . Except I am the bigger man . I am not kidding . Say it .
Oh , stop . And I believe this is yours . FYI , if you wear that into a bank , they will tackle you to the ground .
To burying the hatchet .
Yes . According to information I gleaned from Yelp , you had great success when a santeriasuzy37 brought you a pair of leather slacks stained with chicken blood . I believe I may have a similar problem . This cushion experienced a nude revenge wiggle .
A naked man sat on it . Now , here is my concern , his diet is rich in fatty deli meats . What test do you have to detect lipid residue ?
Lipid residue . An anal autograph . A colon calling card , if you will .
Do not rush it . We may be dealing with befoulment on a molecular level .
Is that your son ?
Is anyone else troubled by the Spider Man theme song ?
It is , right behind do do do do do Inspector Gadget , and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , heroes in a half shell .
However , the Spider Man lyrics posit that Spider Man , Spider Man does whatever a spider can .
I can think of many things Spider Man ca not do that a spider can . One , crawl in your ear and die . Two , legally leave Guatemala without a passport . Three , have sex with a spider .
You know what I like to do when I am forced to speak with those beneath my intellectual station ? I bring up an interesting topic , like the difference between Spider Man and spiders .
No , you ca not use that one . That is mine . Uh , try this one for an ice breaker . Uh , despite popular lore , there is no place in the continental United States , Alaska or Hawaii from which one can dig straight through the centre of the earth and come up in China .
Actually , you ca not have that one either . It is too good . Sorry .
Sadly , yes . Amy is taking me to a memorial service . It is for one of her colleagues who is of Asian descent , so my planned conversational gambit is to casually remark that no matter how deep they dig his grave , he will never make his way back to China .
What can I say ? I put the fun in funeral .
I am not allowed to wear my Silver Surfer neck tie , but you can wear a bathrobe ?
You are sick ? You poor kid . Well , see ya .
Me ? No . No , I am not that kind of doctor .
Oh , no , I see the confusion . No , the intent behind that clause was to force you to take care of me when I am ill . When you are feeling better , you will think that is funny .
Amy .  Amy .  Amy . I made a commitment in writing to comfort you in times like this . Additionally , you are my girlfriend , and I care about your well being .
You are welcome . Now let is get this over with .
102 .2 . Exactly what it was half an hour ago . It is like you are not even trying to get better .
Well , not with that attitude .
I am sorry . I just want you to get better as soon as possible . And with that goal in mind , let me ask you a question . Do you believe in the placebo effect ?
Great . Now , this may look like a Tic Tac , but it is really a powerful medication specifically designed to cure your illness as well as freshen your breath .
How can you sleep ? I am not done making you feel better . I still have to put a cold rag on your head , sing to you and apply VapoRub to your chest .
Yes . All over it .
Now you are being a responsible patient . Now , you may notice some tingling .
No . I need to get you down for a nap . And for some reason , that VapoRub gets you all fired up .
Oh , I am hanging in there . Thanks for asking .
Uh , I am going to draw you a soothing bath . Where is your bath thermometer ?
Fine . Then I am going to draw you a nerve wracking bath of indeterminate temperature .
I am surprised to hear that . See , the other day , I was concerned that you were not recovering , so while you were sleeping , I took a cheek swab and had it cultured in the lab .
I got the results back . Have you developed any of the following symptoms ? A growing nose , or perhaps a warm sensation in the trouser region ? Also known as full blown liar , liar , pants on fire .
It hurts that you would lie to me , Amy . I thought our relationship was based on trust and a mutual admiration that skews in my favour .
It pains me to say it , but I think some form of penalty is in order , so as to discourage this type of behaviour in the future .
In a perfect world , I had lock you in a stockade in the public square . That probably requires a permit .
Oh , that seems overly harsh . I mean , you gave in to a human weakness , you did not kill a man . You know , it is a tad old school , but my father was not one to spare the rod when my brother would sneak into his truck and drink his driving whiskey .
I do not want to . But it looks like you left me no choice .
Are you prepared to receive your punishment ?
Why ?
Very well , then . Get over my knee . Let is begin .
Excuse me . You are not supposed to be enjoying this .
Maybe I will .Penny : Okay , now holding sides of hearth in position , lower mantelpiece assembly onto top tabs .
Yeah , oh , I am sorry . I should have mentioned this earlier . You are not invited .
Amy , from time to time , we men need to break free from the shackles of civility and get in touch with our primal animalistic selves .
Yeah , like a bunch of savages .
A Christmas gift ? You know I do not enjoy Christmas .
Oh , where to begin ? Trees indoors . Overuse of the words ’tis and ’twas . And the absurd custom of one stocking . Everyone knows socks belong in pairs . Who uses one sock ?
Actually that helps , thank you .
Oh , a scroll . I like scrolls . They are my third favourite system of transmitting the written word . After stone tablets and skywriting . You have all been summoned to join a thrilling Dungeons and Dragons adventure . Your quest begins in a secret northern village of elves who have all been massacred . I like where this is heading . Your task is to rescue their leader from a dungeon of ogres . Oh , that is a saucy twist . That leader is name , Santa Claus . No , no , no .
Fun ? Mixing Dungeons and Dragons with Christmas is like making a sandwich of grape jelly , the best tasting jelly , and petroleum jelly , the worst tasting jelly .
I signal my contempt for your cruel plan to shove Christmas joy down my throat by making a gesture that says get a load of this guy .
Lucky .
I know they are making a rhetorical point , I just do not know what it is .
I open the chest .
Wait , Svaty Vaclav was the Duke of Bohemia .
Wait , wait . Svaty Vaclav is better known as Good King Wenceslas from the beloved Victorian Christmas carol .
Good King Wenceslas looked out , on the feast of Stephen . When the snow lay ’round about , deep and crisp and even
Brightly shone the moon that night , though the frost was cruel . When a poor man came in sight gathering winter fuel .
It was simple . I combined a well known historical fact about Bohemia with the memory of my grandparents , Mee Maw and Pop Pop , singing Christmas carols while I sat in front of the fire and tried to build a high energy particle accelerator out of Legos .
W W Wait . There is still four more verses . You do not sing a song and not finish it . Hither , page , and stand by me , if thou know ist it , telling . Yonder peasant , who is he ? Where and what his dwelling ? Brightly shone the moon that night , though the frost…
Ye who now will bless the poor , shall yourselves find blessing . Ba da bum .
I think the word you are looking for is bravo .
Melted snowmen ? Are there carrots and lumps of coal in the water ?
Well it is a game of the imagination , Leonard . Paint a picture .
What happened to the top hats and the corncob pipes ?
Oh , it is like I am really there .
Yes . What , is there a problem ?
Since when is eggnog a Christmas drink ? Eggs are available all year ’round . I have been known to enjoy this poolside .
Oh , do not be silly . Christmas is a bunch of baloney created by the tinsel industry . Why is this so important to you ?
No wonder you love Christmas . That sounds amazing .
Yeah , I am familiar with your work . C minus was your gift .
All right . I think I cracked the code to lower the drawbridge .
Play through the pain .
But first , I cast a spell of paralysis on Stuart and Howard .
You ca not talk , you are paralyzed . I get right up in Santa is big , fat face and say , well , well , well , jolly old Saint Nick , we meet again . Yeah , I believe the last time we spoke was in the Baybrook Mall in Galveston , Texas , when I was five years old , is not that right ?
My mother dragged me there and she plopped me down on your lap and you asked me what I wanted for Christmas . And I told you , my Pop Pop , because that was the year my grandfather died . I missed him and I wanted him back .
Pop Pop was the only one in my family who encouraged me to pursue science . But you did not bring him back , did you ? No , instead , I got Lincoln Logs . Well , you can build a lot of neat things out of Lincoln Logs , but Pop Pop ai not one of ’em . And now you are here asking me for something , to save you . Well , sorry , Mr . Kringle , but today is not your day . I am leaving you here to rot , and I hope the ogres feast on your bones . I take the skeleton key , and I toss it into the chasm , and on the way out , I give Santa a swift kick in his bowl full of jelly !
Well , then , you should not have jingle bells on your boots .
I understand .
Oh , I hope it is a train .
Two trains ?
I am getting three trains .
Wait , uh , uh , hang on . In my defense   Well , I must say , Leonard , when I first heard your idea for Giant Jenga , I was sceptical .
No , I was wrong . The looming threat of being crushed under a pile of lumber does add a certain spice . I have never felt so alive .  Oh , hello , Alex . Uh , let me go get you last night is recordings .
Well , you remember when you told me I talk in my sleep ? Well , it occurred to me that , like most things I say , it is probably pure gold . So I started recording it all , and now Alex gets to comb through eight hours of what I like to call Sheldon After Dark .
Jenga , I win !
Ah , gentlemen , what is on the conversational menu this morning ?
Well , that is not acceptable . I mean , I am her s . She needs to be solely focused on my needs , not distracted by your pasty , androgynous brand of sexuality .
Oh , please . Look at you with your pouty bee stung lips .
I need your advice about a delicate workplace situation . Uh , to protect those involved , I will be changing their names .
Well , a short , bespectacled colleague of mine who lives in the shadow of his brilliant roommate . Let is call this colleague Ricardo Shilly Shally .
No , no , Shilly Shally has red hair and , uh , he briefly served in the Mexican Navy . Anyway , despite the fact that he has a girlfriend , Shilly Shally has been the recipient of inappropriate workplace flirtations from a young lady .
No . No . No . This is Tondelaya della Ventimiglia .
No , uh , no , I am sorry . Who is talking about Leonard and Alex ?
Okay , look , it is not really about Ricardo and Tondelaya . It is really about her s , who does not quite know how to handle this situation and could use your advice , which is surprising because Dr . Einstein Von Brainstorm , he is usually pretty smart about these things .
Ladies , ladies , please . We are not here to talk about Penny , okay ? We are here to talk about me . Uh , I mean Einstein Von Brainstorm . Oh , darn it ! All right , I guess the cat is out of the bag . Let me explain what is going on . Ricardo is really Leonard .
Well , what should I do ?
Oh , no , he is not uncomfortable at all . No , he is loving it . Yeah , he is strutting around like he is five foot six .
Talk to her ? That is all you have got ? With a cool name like Sheldon Cooper is Council of Ladies , I really expected more . Give me back the T shirts .
Well , that snuck up on us , did not it ?
Let is not call it a problem . Let is call it an opportunity . To solve a serious problem .
You do not know ? Oh , you poor dear . Your ovaries are squirting so much goofy juice into your brains you do not even know which way is up . You made an inappropriate sexual advance towards Dr . Hofstadter .
Now , there is no need to get defensive . I am not unsympathetic to your plight . My father used to say that a woman is like an egg salad sandwich on a warm Texas day .
Full of eggs and only appealing for a short time .
Yeah , you and me both , sister . Now , please understand , I do not hold you responsible for your behaviour because , see , from an evolutionary standpoint , you are a slave to your desire to reproduce . But during the work day , when you feel possessed by amorous intent , may I suggest that you suppress it by leafing through this illustrated book of sexually transmitted diseases ? Let is see here . Oh , yes . Check out this oozy doozy .
So does this fellow , but he ca not without it burning like hot soup .
Oh , yes . Yeah , and a fat lot of good it did me . All she did was get mad at you .
I needed advice about a woman . I would have asked you , but if the last few years have proven anything , it is that you ca not tell a uterus from a unicycle .
Good to know . Yeah , a few more helpful hints like that , you may find yourself on the Council of Ladies .  Hello . I see . Uh , what time ? Very well , then . Huh . That was the Human Resources Department at the university . Apparently , my assistant Alex has filed a complaint accusing me of inappropriate behaviour in the workplace .
Hmm , let me think . Nothing . I am a delight .
Hello .
Thank you .
So I have been told . But I ca not understand what she has to complain about . I mean , she has a front row seat as I make scientific history . There is string cheese in my mini fridge , and that is for anyone . Yeah , and just yesterday I led her away from a life of sexual promiscuity by making her look at pictures of disease ridden genitalia .
Like what ?
Oh ! I see the confusion here . No , no , Alex thought I was singling her out . No . I meant that all women are slaves to their biological urges , you know ? Even you . You are a slave .
Well , y you , I I am just saying , you know , at a certain point in a woman is menstrual cycle…
I do not see why I am the one being persecuted here . Dr . Hofstadter , he was bragging about his sexual desirability to anyone who would listen . You know , and Howard Wolowitz , he spent two years using university resources building a six breasted sex robot . Oh , and at the office Christmas party , I heard Rajesh Koothrappali refer to you several times as Brown Sugar .
Yes . No , yeah , but in his defense , that was not racist . He is also brown .
Well , hello .
Actually , I came to speak to Mrs . Davis .
But I came to file a complaint . Somebody has made me feel uncomfortable in the workplace by using language of an inappropriate and sexual nature .
You , you dirty birdie . I I thought about the things you said to me yesterday , and I realized I am deeply offended . Now , be a dear and get me one of those complaint forms .
And thanks to you , I know better than to ask if you are menstruating . And based on your behaviour , I do not have to .
Yeah , additionally , you should know that the university has mandated that I take an online sexual harassment seminar so this sort of thing does not happen in the future .
Yeah . Now , unfortunately , uh , my time is much too valuable to waste on nonsense like this , so , um , I am gonna need you to take it for me . Oh , and , uh , you had better ace it , they are pretty mad .
Interesting . Do you recall this conversation ? Leonard , want to go halfsies on a steamer ? No , Sheldon , we do not need a steamer . Looks like that rumpled chicken is come home to roost .
That is a wise policy . I once borrowed my sister is makeup for a costume contest . Got a terrible case of pinkeye . But luckily , I was going as a zombie . I won second place .
So to answer your question , no , it is not better .
It is a comic book convention . You know , it is like pizza or particle accelerators , even the stinky one is still pretty good .
I think you should turn on the GPS .
But the turn by turn voice option is not on . I know I had feel more safe if you turn on the turn by turn voice option . I love the turn by turn voice option .
Ooh , sounds like that fellow knows what he is talking about . I had put on my listening ears if I were you .
I found a hack online . I was able to upload MP3 recordings of my voice to your GPS .
Shh , he said it is interesting .
Oh , they shot a lot of Star Trek episodes out there .
Oh , smashing . Now , Leonard , do you know how to get there ?
Yeah , well luckily , someone in the car does .
None of you will get it . It is Eisenhower .
I know Mr . Data is not supposed to smile , but here it comes .
Mr . Data is weapon is his mind . I am wielding it .
Stealing is against the law !
Nope . The only thing left to do now is assign blame .  Nice going .
What kind of person leaves his keys in the car ?
You are right . Nice going .
Maybe we are better off . What if we were to get in a car with a crazy person ?
Well , perhaps we should hold up a sign that assures passing motorists of our mental competence .
What , you think just because you are wearing a captain is uniform , you are in charge ?
All right .
Gentlemen , a little less bellyaching . We are Starfleet officers and a member of the Borg Collective .
Leonard , all our lives we have dreamed of finding ourselves inside one of the fantasy worlds we love . And look at us . At this moment , we are , in fact , a Star Trek landing party stranded in an alien and unforgiving environment , relying only on our wits , our fortitude and our moxie . As long as we have those things , nothing can stop…
I hate this planet .
Hello . Hello . Uh , uh , uh , four glasses of water , please . Anything for you guys ?
Scotty was on the original series , and we are Next Generation . So , joke is on you .
Actually , it is three against one .
Yeah , well , we are not . We are an imaginary landing party who had real life garbage thrown at us by real life strangers who think we are idiots . And to tell you the truth , I am starting to feel like one . I want to go home now .
Well , I say that is the last time we ever go outside .
There is only one logical explanation . Somewhere in the desert we crossed into an alternate dimension where the women in our lives can finally appreciate great literature .
Captain , what are your orders ?
Wait . They might be hostile .
I will eat later . Right now , I am suckling at the informative om of mother physics .
Would it come with Kung Fu grip ?
Do not waste my time .
Nobel . Kripke . Do not look at my board .
That is a drawing of a really cool train . Do not look at that , either . What do you want ?
So they asked you to pack up your things and ship out . That is hard cheese , Barry . You are one of the good ones .
That is ridiculous . I am one of the great minds of our generation . I work on a level so rarified you could not even imagine it . I said stop looking at my cool train !
There is ominous music playing , and there is an afghan over my head . I do not know where you are from , but where I am from , that means I am not doing okay .
Tea is for when I am upset . I am not upset . The university is forcing me to work with Kripke . I am outraged .
Yes , cocoa . Do you have any idea what it is like to be paired with someone who is so incredibly annoying ?
See , I did all this great work , and now he is just going to come along and ruin it . I am angrier than ever and filled with despair .
Yes , hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks !
And yet , now you are in my office . Point , Cooper . Welcome to the Thunderdome , Kripke .
Why do not you show me yours first .
How do I know you are not going to take my ideas and publish them as your own ?
Because I am not interested in getting published in Mad magazine . Zingers fly fast in the Thunderdome , Barry .
Fine .
And I am sure it is still more valuable than whatever is in here .
Very well .
Fine .
I am fine .
Yes .
I read his research , and , it is leaps and bounds ahead of mine . Which means the mommy of the smartest physicist at the university is not my mommy as I had thought . It is his mommy .
What do we have to lose ?
I feel like I am being strangled by a boa constrictor . Why had you stop ?
I ca not go in today . I am sick .
No , look .
See ?
Oh , dear . Now I am not even smarter than you .
Oh , do not play the Einstein card . His great breakthroughs happened when no one knew anything . So everything was a great breakthrough .
All right , geez . What a grouch .
I know . Go ahead , mock me . Just use small words so I understand .
We do ?
So ?
Yes . That is the reason . My work is suffering because of all the laid I am getting .
What can I say , you know ? She enjoys my genitals . I am giving them to her on a nightly basis .
I will do what I can . But it is not going to be easy , because when I am with Amy and our bathing suit areas mush together , boy howdy , is it magic
Because the truth made me look bad , whereas a ridiculous bald faced lie makes me look good . Anyway , if Kripke asks , tell him my coitus with Amy is frequent , intense and whimsically inventive .
Of course .
That is awfully personal .
Well , word around the university is I am giving her sex organs a proper jostling .
Well , first of all , I am quite fond of Amy .
Penny , all my life , I have been uncomfortable with the sort of physical contact that comes easily to others , hand shaking , hugging , prostate exams . But I am working on it , you know ? Just recently , I had to put VapoRub on Amy is chest . A year ago , that would have been unthinkable .
It is a possibility .
Fine .
Well , the equation balances , but it is certainly not elegant .
Yes .
No , I gave it to her well . Now , over here , I was thinking the turbulence could be reduced if we just put…
I did not notice .
I was too busy squishing all the desirable parts of her body .
Can we get back to work ?
Toys ? I do have a model rocket next to my bed .Leonard : I do not know why I avoided the Harry Potter books for so long . These are great . I just started number six .
That is a good one . Dumbledore dies in that one . Yeah , I know , I did not see it coming , either .
You brought up the subject . I contributed an interesting fact on that subject . It is called the art of conversation . Okay , your turn .
Good .
Oh , really , Leonard ? Are you going to have another one of your hissy fits ?
Yes , and I have a theory why . Because of your lactose intolerance , you switched over to soy milk . Soy contains estrogen mimicking compounds . I think your morning Cocoa Puffs are turning you into a hysterical woman .
There you go again , nag , nag , nag . You are only proving my point , little lady .
What ? I am annoying ? You criticize my behaviour all the time . Sheldon , do not talk about your bowel movements over breakfast . Sheldon , when the president of the university is giving a eulogy at a funeral , do not yawn and point at your watch . Sheldon , do not throw away my shirts ’cause you think they are ugly . You are impossible .
Actually , I have your signature on a roommate agreement that says you do .
You pick that up right now .
Roommate agreement , section 27 , paragraph 5 , the roommate agreement , like the American flag , cannot touch the ground .
Where are you going ?
Crazy bastard ?
Leonard , wait .
Dobby the elf dies in book seven .
One vintage Mr . Mxyzptlk action figure . That is Leonard is .
One Star Trek : The Next Generation phaser . That is Leonard is .
One Game of Thrones collector is edition Longclaw sword . Oh , Leonard and I bought that together . That is a bit of an ethical conundrum . Eh , I will keep it .
Uh , suppose I will have to find and cultivate a new roommate . What a task that will be . Do you know how uncivilized Leonard was when I took him in ?
Oh , it took me forever to get him on a bathroom schedule . He would just go whenever the mood struck him .
Exactly .
That would be ideal . If a person like that existed , I would sign on , no further questions asked .
Wait . Here who is where ?
Um…
Um…
Um…
Um…
Hey , good buddy . So , uh , I was just talking to Amy , and she made me realize that this little dust up between you and me is much ado about nothing .
Yes . All is forgiven , so come back home . I will make you some soy hot chocolate , and then I will you tell you about our exciting new devil may care bathroom policy .
Okay . Amy is decided she wants to move in with me , so I need you to come back home , you lovable scamp . That is a lot of product .
Leonard , please . You know Amy moving in marks a level of intimacy our relationship is not ready for .
Feelings ? What am I , a hippie at a love in ? No . The problem is , she laid out a series of logical arguments that I could not refute .
Yes .
Um…
Hello , home wrecker .
You gave Leonard somewhere to go . Thanks to you , Amy is out buying his and hers bath towels . Like I had ever dry myself with something that has a possessive pronoun on it .
Great . Kick him out . Break his heart . Everybody wins .
You think this is fast ? It is just a matter of time before I see Amy is leg stubble in my shower .
Hold on . If you do not want to live with Leonard , why do not you just tell him ?
That is because he drinks too much soy milk .
I suppose there is no choice but to face the crying , angry accusations and the high pitched wails of despair .
Is it kung pao chicken ?
Brown rice , not white rice ?
Spicy mustard from the Korean deli ?
Yes . Amy , are you worried that us living together will take the mystery out of our relationship ?
Yeah , why would you ?
Hello . This is Sheldon .
We are not home right now .
You ca not live here .
No . It is not the message .
You did .
It is Penny is fault .
She does not want to live with Leonard , so he has to come live here again . She is the snake in our garden . She is the reason we ca not be happy .
I said the truth . You do not want to live with Leonard , and you know it .
Yeah , I think we should talk about that .
I thought we were talking about the other thing .
Well , the evidence does support that .
Do you want to catch up on some Walking Dead ?
Have you seen the one where Lori dies ?
Or maybe she does not . Let is find out .
So , in conclusion , I believe the painful sensation felt after passing a meal of spicy chillies is proof that the rectum does possess the sense of taste .
Oh , you caught that , did you ?
Ah , Alex , excellent . I have a research problem that I believe you can help with .
Oh , no , no . That is not going to happen , no . What I need you to do is find a Valentine is gift for my girlfriend .
Well , I guess those chaps will have to have someone else buy their girlfriends presents . Now , here is , let is see , this is , this is about two thousand dollars , um , I think she likes monkeys and the colour grey . Contribute to my work . Ah , kids say the darnedest things .
Okay . Amy will be here shortly , expecting the perfect Valentine is gift , so , you are up kid . Dazzle me . Go .
Now , see , I never would have thought to do that . Clearly , I made a good choice farming this out to you . But I am telling you , Amy hit the boyfriend jackpot . Anyway , my socks are on . Let is knock them off .
Now , Amy already has a real harp . And it can play any song . What are you trying to pull here ?
Next .
Mmm .
But she is got Google Maps on her phone .
Well , I hope it is with a third good option , because these first two , buh .
Wow . Oh , this is truly remarkable .
I think I will keep it for myself .
It is too late . I call dibs .
Hello .
Okay . Shall we go to dinner ?
Yes , and as you know , I planned to pretend to enjoy it . I have been working on this facial expression all day .
What is that ?
Really ?
More than anything .
Well , I do not know what to say . This is the most thoughtful gift that anyone is ever given me . And that is including an amazing gift that I gave myself earlier today .
No . No , after everything you did not do for me tonight , I want you to have it .
Read it .
At the bottom .
Well , I thought , if I have a stroke or a kidney stone , who would I want to share that with ?
It is like you said , you are my girlfriend .
Yeah . Okay . Stop ruining Valentine is Day and order my pizza .
Hello , I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper . Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags . My apologies that this episode is coming late . I did shoot one last week , in honour of Black History Month , but I was informed by my roommate that my spot on portrayal of George Washington Carver could be considered wildly racist . My heart goes out to the members of the African American community , who , like me , have been kept down by The Man . Now , Fun with Flags is not just for the flag aficionado , it is also for the flag novice , so , to help me with that , please welcome my friend , neighbour , and flag virgin , yeah , not a real virgin . She is had coitus many times . Sometimes within earshot of this flag enthusiast . Once while he was trying to watch The Incredibles . Penny .
So , Penny , I understand you would like to learn more about flags .
Yeah . Well , you came to the right place .
What is wrong ?
Interesting . A few people in the comments section have said that my delivery is robotic . Perhaps that is not the compliment it sounds like .
Right . And which one do I want ?
If our friend , the flag , has taught me anything , it is to go where the wind takes you . As long as you remain firmly attached to a rigid pole . And , action . So , Penny , what sort of flag questions keep you awake at night ?
Gosh , Penny , what had you have for breakfast ? A big glass of good question juice ? The Nebraska state flag is simply the state seal on a field of blue . Spread your legs , invite them in .
Hello . How is the final stage of your nicotine addiction study going ?
Good news . Uh , the latest episode of Fun with Flags is online .
Much better than I expected . She even gave me some helpful tips about acting and body language . Watch . Welcome to my world . Not welcome to my world . Welcome . Not welcome .
I know . I am still learning to control it .
Why would I do that ?
All right .
Um…
No . I did not start yet , it is fine .
Well , I was thinking about you helping me out last night  Penny . And I just wanted to tell you  Penny , that the answer to the question , who did a great job ? is you ,  Penny .
Yes , you were very natural in front of the camera , and I found your suggestions extremely helpful .
Okay .
Oh , that sounds terrible . Why would I want to do that ?
Well , so much for your advice on complimenting Penny .
She tried to rope us into going to her acting class to see a play . Do not worry . Luckily , I had the good sense to drown that kitten in the river .
Oh , so many crazy rules .
Amy pointed out to me that since you did something nice for me , I am obligated to do something nice for you . So , yes , I will go to your dopey play .
Why not ?
Oh , Dear Lord , more rules ? Where does it stop ? Can I want to go because I have to want to go ?
Yeah , but now , wait . Do whatever I want ? Or whatever I have to want ?
All right . I do not want to , but at least that makes sense .
Oh , brilliant . I have been itching to pull that trigger .
Would it help if I gave him some pointers ? I am just funnin’ ya .
All right , let is get this stupid play over with .
Why ?
Aw , for Pete is sake . Can we go now ?
It is about streetcars ? Oh , great . I will not need this .
She is . But when do they get to the part about streetcars ?
She is remarkable .
I got the B word .
If you ask me , this whole thing is a waste of our time .
Helping anyone . People should take care of themselves .
I am not saying people ca not use tools . Even an otter picks up a rock when he wants a clam .
I think that is incredibly sexist of you . I believe in a gender blind society like in Star Trek , where women and men of all races and creeds work side by side as equals .
Howard is disturbing recollections aside , I do not appreciate being forced to do banal committee work .
Exactly . It is like asking the Human Torch to heat up your frozen burrito .
I suppose there is a history of professional women using their initials so as not to be pre judged . Harry Potter is J .K . Rowling , uh , Star Trek is D .C . Fontana .
We are not . This time you are the smart kid doing all the work while the even smarter kids sit back and watch .
No , you are a tool I was using to make my point .
How is it sexist ? My character wields a battle axe as well as any man .
Mother , warrior princess , franchise owner , I hear glass ceilings shattering all over town .
All your ideas address the issue at a university level . By then it is too late . You need to design an outreach program that targets girls at the middle school level and sets them on an academic track towards the hard sciences .
Some people are otters , some people are rocks .
Oh , hold on . While I am comfortable speaking about science , I am not sure I know how to spark the interest of schoolchildren . Better Google it .
How do I get 12 year old girls excited .
This must feel pretty good for you , coming back to your alma mater as an astronaut .
Smart . We do not want any problems .
Hello , female children . Allow me to inspire you with a story about a great female scientist . Polish born , French educated Madame Curie . Co discoverer of radioactivity , she was a hero of science , until her hair fell out , her vomit and stool became filled with blood , and she was poisoned to death by her own discovery . With a little hard work , I see no reason why that ca not happen to any of you . Are we done ? Can we go ?
Uh , hello again . Um , yeah , I do not know if women in general have been actively discouraged from pursuing the sciences , but it is clear you young women here , today , have been . While I was listening to my colleagues waste your time , it occurred to me that it might be much more meaningful to hear about women in science from actual women in science , and , uh , I happen to know two brilliant examples who have agreed to speak to you on the phone right now . Uh , Dr . Rostenkowski , Dr . Fowler , are you there ?
Thank you for taking time out of your very busy schedule to enlighten these young women .
Oh , you should not have .
No , you really should not have . I brought my own .
Well , now do not you feel silly .
Howard , did you want your clothes arranged seasonally or by colour ?
Wrong , they will be arranged seasonally .
Yeah , and some thanks I got . The assistant manager chased me out with an artisanal salami .
Oh , five more minutes .
How come I never get to do anything I want to do ?
Please , Leonard , he said it is okay .
Howard , I have a few questions . I found three bowling pins . Now , do you juggle these , or are you missing seven ?
You health nuts kill me .
Uh , just a couple more items . Howard , I found this letter from your dad in a box . Now , based on the content , it could either be filed…
Well , I had to find out if it was personal correspondence or memorabilia . Now , as I was saying , based on the content…
Wait , can I bring this box of extra shirt buttons to sort on the ride ?
Thanks . Oh . Great party .
Bleuch . Like cleaning out the entire building is belly button .
Oh , hello . What can I do for you ladies ?
Oh , dear . My mother warned me this is what happens to pretty boys in the big city .
Oh . Oh , I have got that in spades . Ravage me .
I did .
I ca not tell you that . I am bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality .
Well , neither is the rule that you have to hold your girlfriend is hand at the movies . You know . That does not stop you from pawing at me like you are a bear and I am a trash can full of sweets .
Control over the information contained in that letter belongs to Howard . By happenstance , I came to know it . That does not give me the right to disseminate it freely .
Are you pointing out that California is a community property state , and since Howard and Bernadette are married , the intellectual property contained in that letter is jointly owned by the two spouses ?
Well played . Sometimes I do not give you enough credit , Penny .
Oh , Leonard . If I was prone to sarcasm , I had say I was pulling off a major heist at the museum of laundry baskets .
Oh . Yeah , well , I was waylaid by Penny , Bernadette and Amy . They made me reveal confidential information about Howard is father .
I ca not tell you that . I am bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality .
Sorry , badgering me will not work . What you should have said is , It is pointless to keep this a secret because Penny will tell us .
All right , I will tell you . My goodness , everyone is on their game today .
My shirt is itchy and I wish I were dead .
If I say yes , can we turn off that Latin orgy music ?
Yes , it is six against one . Stand down , sir .
I panicked . He looked taller than usual .
It is simple , really . It occurred to me that knowing and not knowing can be achieved by creating a macroscopic example of quantum superposition . The , the principle that a physical system exists partially in all its possible states at once .
Anyway , um , I realized that if we each present you with an account of what your father wrote to you , only one of which is true , and then we do not tell you which one it is , you will forever be in a state of epistemic ambivalence .
It was a map leading to the lost treasure of famous pirate One Eyed Willy .
Do not .
Or that is complete poppycock which Amy made up . It still could be the map .
I would like to change mine . The pirate is name was Peg Leg Antoine . Now it is completely different from Goonies .
Do not .
You know , surprisingly , uh , the letter from your father was not the most interesting thing I read in the closet . Bernadette is diary has some saucy passages .
There is nothing to worry about . Your secret is safe with me .
Although copyright law would allow me to quote snippets in the context of a review .
Uh , Penny , I , I have a couple of questions about your closet . Is there any reason you are keeping this dead goldfish ?
Well , now , did you also have a dog ? Because I found what appears to be a battery operated chew toy .Leonard : I was reading about this jellyfish that never dies . Instead , it reverts to its asexual state and then grows up again .
If I could keep my Gmail account , I had be okay with that .
If we are going to change the topic from jellyfish , I had be okay with brine shrimp or the history of the unicycle .
Excuse me , the whole tenure system is ridiculous . A guaranteed job for life only encourages the faculty to become complacent . If we really want science to advance , people should have chips implanted in their skulls that explode when they say something stupid .
Pchew !
Raj , do not dangle false hope in front of Leonard like that .
Pchew ! Pchew ! Pchew ! Pchew !
While I disagree with the premise of tenure , if they gave it to me , it would not diminish my output . You know , I am like the sun . Ca not turn this off .
Mm hmm .
Well put . You know , I must say I go back and forth on this boyfriend girlfriend thing , but those moments when you worship me really keep you in the running .
My primary concern with being granted tenure is living with an insanely jealous roommate after the fact . I might need to sleep with a gun under my pillow . Or a chainsaw .
Or , the chainsaw .
Sheldon Cooper does not do cozy .
But I suppose it would not hurt to know who is on the committee . Let is see . Oh , Janine Davis . Oh , dear .
Well…
I am not sure , it could go either way .
Yes , hello . I am fine . Um , I understand you may have a bad impression of me , so I bought you a gift .
It is too late . Get ready to like me .
The tragic history of slavery in America . Fun for the whole family .
Um… Well… You are black , right ?
Because you want to start watching it right now . Copy that . Let is see . Up next on the tenure committee is Professor Wu . Well , get ready for the complete works of Jackie Chan .
Barely knew him .
First of all , when you say things like that , people think you are crazy . Second , the reason I am cancelling is because I have to attend a memorial service for Professor Tupperman .
Eh , it will be . Honestly , if I must endure a long and tedious evening , I had rather it be with you on date night . But I have no choice . The tenure committee is going to be there .
Well , now that I think about it , that would be most helpful .
Actually , I meant you could drive me . But if it makes you happy , that other stuff , too .
Okay .
Sad .
Glad .
Bad . However…
Fine . Bad .
You are here .
So am I . His passing makes me feel bad .
What are you going to do ? Take people is drink orders and get them wrong ?
What ? Did she do it yet ?
Well , that is a fine how do you do . Do not just stand there . Take your breasts out .
Are you implying that my girlfriend has no sexuality to exploit ?
Okay , because that was not clear .
What ? That was ambiguous .
Um…
Well , yes , of course , he would not like that at all . Last night , I was feeling in need of sexual release when I happened to come across your mother .
I do not know what you are doing , but I was about to insinuate that I had coitus with Raj is mother for a dollar .
What do you think I should do ?
I do not want any more , but let is go .
Wait . Hold on . I believe screw it , I am going in is what I said to your mother last night . Do not worry , I did not really say that . I find the concept of coitus ridiculous and off putting .
I just found out that you recommended myself , Dr . Hofstadter and Dr . Koothrappali to be on the short list for tenure .
I do not know what you mean by quirks , but , um , I do want to express my gratitude .
No , no . No , I learned my lesson . I understand that was inappropriate .
Anyway , thank you .
Oh , dear . Penny , have you been recording shows on our DVR again ?
Answer honestly . This is not a trial . That will come later .
Why would the Chinese make our DVR record Paul Blart : Mall Cop ?
I am deleting it .
No , that is the season two finale . That was quite the cliffhanger . I am going to re watch it before season three starts .
Well , they ca not cancel it . It ended on a cliffhanger .
Dumplings ? Do not you understand what is going on here ?
That show ended with all the residents of New York either dead or unconscious . Oh , now I will never know what happened .
Oh , sure , what a wonderful idea . And after that , I will make up my own rules of oral hygiene . You know , instead of flossing , I will rub pudding on my gums . I am going to get the number of the SyFy Channel and give them what for .
No . They ca not just cancel a show like Alphas . You know ? They have to help the viewers let go . Firefly did a movie to wrap things up . Buffy the Vampire Slayer continued on as a comic book . Heroes gradually lowered the quality season by season till we were grateful it ended .
I am not flying back to Texas just so my mom can give me a hug .
Oh , that is nonsense . I mean , you tell me stories about your day all the time . I do not care how they end .
Yeah , but I just told you , I do not have a problem with closure .
Oh , quite sure .  That proves nothing .
I take issue with the word compulsive .
…tion . Okay . For the sake of argument , let is say I have a problem . What would be your plan for addressing it ?
By playing tic tac toe ?
Oh , Amy . And you wonder why people think neuroscience is nothing but a goofy game for diaper babies . Tic tac toe can only end in win , lose or draw , none of which will deny me closure . Especially since I am about to win .  B But we did not finish .
The same way any normal person would . I feel like I want to peel off my own face and tear it in two and then again and again until I have a handful of Sheldon face confetti .
Or you could pitch in , grab a nostril and help me get this face off .
You do not know what it is like to feel completely frustrated . To have a desire build up within you and be denied any opportunity for release .
Yes .
Let is box it up .
Lucky for you , ’cause I wished you were dead .
Amy , I must say , I was sceptical at first , but this has truly been a transformative evening .
Well , you are an excellent neuroscientist , you are a wonderful girlfriend , and…
Does not matter , does it ?
And a complete sucker .
There he is .
Do not stop . Yes , keep going . Just like that .
I love you , too .
Leonard , you will never guess who I just found online . Hey !
Very mature . You are lucky I am out of silly string . As I was saying , Leonard , you will never guess who I just found online . Professor Proton .
Yes .
Professor Proton hosted my favourite science show when I was a child . I never missed an episode . He demonstrated scientific principles using everyday objects .
Oh , dear lord , Leonard , look . He is still available for parties and events . We should hire him .
Well , whatever we want . Hang out , do experiments , make him take 12 pictures with us so we can make a calendar .
Well , I am e mailing him right now .
Of course I do .
It is happening . Leonard , it is happening . Professor Proton is coming to our house .
And you just got yourself uninvited . See ? I told you I had find a tactful way to do that .
As Professor Proton always says , there is no problem you ca not solve if you use your noggin .
Yeah , that , too . Big cheque .
I am getting worried .
Professor Proton was never late when he was on TV . You know , every day , four o’clock , he was there . Unless tornadoes were ripping apart East Texas , in which case we had join him in progress .  It is him . Hello . Well , I see . Yes . All right , we can come get you . Yeah , well , see you soon . Bye .
The third floor landing . The poor old guy is been walking up the stairs for half an hour . It is really you .
Professor Proton , it is an honour to meet you .
Leonard , you hear that ? Professor Proton said I should call him Arthur . That means we are friends .
Look at me . I can get as close to you as I want without my mom saying it is going to ruin my eyes .
I am .
Oh , no , there are no kids . No , the , the show is for me . Come on . I will race ya , Arthur .
Yes . And if there is time , take 12 pictures with us in seasonal clothing .
Yeah , that is great . Did you bring your puppet ?
Oh , no . How could anybody hate Gino the Neutrino ? It is nice , huh ? I got him for 20 bucks on eBay . Including the shipping !
It is gonna get sucked in . It is going to get sucked in .
Yes .
Potato clock . Do potato clock .
What , well what is wrong ? Is she upsetting you ? Because I can make her go away .
Well , how can you say that ? Professor Proton is the best .
Mr . Jeffries , I need to show you something .  :14 :11 ,446
I wrote a fan letter to you when I was a child in Texas , and you sent this autographed picture back to me . Do you remember that ?
Well , anyway , um , you may find this hard to believe , but I did not have any friends growing up .
But , um , I did have you . And every day at four o’clock , you had come to my house on Channel 68 , and we had do science together . If it had not been for you , well , who knows what would have become of me ? You know ? Instead of a world class physicist , I could have wound up as a hobo . Or a surgeon .
Yeah , it is true . A generation of young scientists are standing on your shoulders .
I will do it .
Oh , yeah .
Met my childhood hero , now I get to ride in an ambulance . Boy , if we can get him to do that calendar , this will be the best day ever .
Soft kitty , warm kitty , little ball of fur . Happy kitty , sleepy kitty , purr , purr , purr .
Want me to sing it again ?
There anything I can get for you ? Some apple juice ? Uh , some Jell O ?
Name it .
Oh , you are not . You look awful .
Are you saying that you want me to be Professor Proton ?
Oh , my . What an honour . Oh , this is like being asked to ascend Mount Olympus and dine with the gods .
But they will know I am not you . Should I call myself Professor Proton , Jr ? 
So , in a way it is like I am your son .
Father .Bernadette : Burbank Airport , please .
Dungeons & Dragons .
I have got a brand new seven piece set of polyhedral dice . Hello , new dice smell .
Yeah , yeah , we will be right there . Leonard ?
I am not sure how I feel about Howard being dungeon master instead of you .
Oh , please . Every time the topic of change comes up , you throw Zachary Quinto in my face . I am upset the mailman has a new haircut , Zachary Quinto . I am upset that daylight saving time started , Zachary Quinto . I am upset daylight saving time ended , Zachary Quinto . I am saying this for the last time , Zachary Quinto was a weird , wonderful , unrepeatable event . So stop using him against me .
As good ? You just got pantsed in the schoolyard , four eyes .
Go on , give him your lunch money .
He does sound effects , too !
Okay , well , I have a sound effect for those sound effects .
Ah , that is my girl .
It would ? Fun ? Okay , three weeks ago you bought crunchy peanut butter , now you want the girls to play D&D ? Do you have a drug problem ?
Well , I have just never played Dungeons & Dragons with girls before .
I will leave it up to the dungeon master .
Yeah , we , now , Penny , we do not consume alcohol during Dungeons & Dragons . It impairs our judgment .
Okay , literal goose bumps . Look .
I ready my quarter staff .
Oh , even better than money . You gained experience points .
That is amazing . He made me care about the ogre .
Yay !
Yeah , uh , wait . Does not he say something first ? You know , maybe in the voice of a beloved celebrity ?
The dragon is Christopher Walken . That is perfect .
Wait . Wait . And says ?
Oh , I do not know about you guys , but I have been through the emotional wringer tonight .
Another quest by Wolowitz ? Count me in .
Oh , then I am out .
You see what happens when you let girls play D&D ?
I have never knocked on my own door before . That was a wild ride .
Thank you . Would you go tell everyone else that ? Because they sure think otherwise .
Well , I do not think our relationship is a joke . I think “a horse goes into a bar , bartender says , why the long face ?’ , that is a joke . It is a good one , too , because a horse has a long face .
Oh , my . That is an uncomfortable topic . Amy , before I met you , I never had any interest in being intimate with anyone .
And now what ?
I have not ruled it out .
I know it does not seem like it to you , but , for me , what we have is extremely intimate .
More ? I mean , look at us . It is only been three years , here we are in bed together .
Well , no . Hold on . My Elven magic user and your half orc warrior did have a love spell cast on them . We would not really be playing the game right if we did not see that through .
I believe that , uh , we just killed a dragon . While the others pillage the corpse , I lead you to a secluded area where I attempt to remove your leather armour .  It comes off .
What do you do ?
I kiss you back on the  lips as well . Your turn .
I erotically caress your  nose .
Yeah , I used to be uncomfortable around people , but then I learned a trick . I pretend everyone I meet is a beloved character from Star Trek .
Oh , like a charm , unnamed crewman in a red shirt .
Yes , he does . He caters to my every whim .
Well , now , but do you think that is a good idea ? Uh , you know Star Trek . Should a guy with no name and a red shirt really go on an expedition ?
No one asked you , Uhura .
Great . I have been doing some reading about vehicular safety . Did you know that the highest number of drowning accidents happen on or around boats ?
Well , that is the thing about factoids , they are interesting .
I am not afraid to be alone . On land . On the sea , it would be terrifying . Because of all the drowning .
Fine , no more drowning talk . I will change the subject . Oh . Who do you think would win in a fight , you or a shark ?
Very well . Things between you and Penny have never been better . I hope four months apart does not change anything . I should have opened with that , huh ?
Leonard , you are being selfish . We need to give you a proper send off so we will have closure when you die at sea and crabs eat your face .
Oh , gee , I do not know . My schedule is a little busy .
Fine , I will do it .
This is ridiculous , we are shopping for a party and this store does not even have a party section .
You know , I have to say , Penny , I do not understand why you of all people are encouraging Leonard to do this .
Yeah , well , you are his girlfriend for now . You know , maybe you are not aware of this , but there is a rich tradition of men at sea finding comfort in each other is arms and britches .
It is not that big of an opportunity . And even if Hawking is theories are correct , all they prove is where the universe came from , why everything exists and what its ultimate end will be . I mean , me ? I am interested in the big questions .
I am not jealous . I am just very unhappy that good things are happening for him and not happening for me .
It was you .
You ripped out your own fake blonde hair .
They lie so they do not look petty .
How ?
Wow . No wonder you did not get that toothpaste commercial .
Um , can I have your attention , everyone ?  That is , uh , B flat , for those who do not have perfect pitch . I would like to propose a toast to my best friend , Dr . Leonard Hofstadter . He has been presented with a wonderful opportunity , and I could not be happier for him .
Well , I mean it . I am really happy for you . And that is how you get a toothpaste commercial . Cheers .
Thank you .
It did not kill me when you went to space . Monkeys went to space .
Penny , we are in the red zone . The white zone is for loading and unloading . We are breaking the law .
All right , you have to get out of the car right now . I am not going to jail for you .
Oh , I see a space in the white zone . Quick , circle the airport .
Oh , dear Lord , a police officer is glancing in our direction . We have been made .
It is just a heart shaped locket with a picture of Leonard is face in it . He got it at the mall on clearance . Now move , move , move .
Do not worry , Officer . They just love each other . We are not smuggling drugs .
Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case , and Back to the Future III was , get this , in the Back to the Future II case .
So , did you do that , or am I in the house with an intruder ?
You are dodging the question , I knew it was you . What was that ?
This is not a very good connection , but it sounded like someone just released a kraken .
No !
Um , well , I was worried that you might be missing Leonard . And that might be causing you to have bad dreams , like the kind you had get if you watched Clash of the Titans right before you went to bed .
To be honest , I did .
Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case . Leonard did it .
No , wait . Perhaps I should sleep here so you do not miss Leonard as much , uh , ’cause you are being kind of a baby about it .
You are welcome . Good night .
Dear Lord , you are an astronomer . Although you may have earthly woes , get your mind back on the stars . Gee , even the lowly dung beetle chooses to plot its course by using the Milky Way .
Everything I say is true . Now , of course , the dung beetle also enjoys eating faeces , living in faeces and making little balls out of faeces , so , you know , pick and choose which aspects of its lifestyle you want to embrace .
I want you to be happy , too , but not enough to do anything about it .
Penny , did you ever wonder how Starfleet captains…
Well , now that I have piqued your interest , welcome to the exciting world of 3D chess .
You overestimate his significance in my life .
Do I miss how he makes a face on my toaster waffle with syrup ? No . Do I miss the way he fixes the zipper on my jacket when it gets stuck ? I do not think so . Do I miss how we say good night to each other through the walls of our bedroom using Morse code ?
Well , I try .
Great . I will go first .
By the way , how are you with zippers ?
Well , I really need to go to the bathroom , and this one is gone all cattywampus .
Ooh . Bad move .
My queen can now take your rook from below .
If I make this move , but I will not because we are having too much fun .
We are all out of alcohol .
Well , if you had like , we could call him . I mean that you could call him . As I have explained , the absence of my friends does not cause me pain . As rock and roll bad boy Paul Simon once said , I am a rock , I am an i i i island .
Oh , goodie , put him on speaker phone .
Is not it five thirty in the morning there ?
Are you in danger ?
You were .
That you are having to process your emotional pain without vodka ?
Allow me to comfort you . At least you have got your health .
Um , uh , in a hundred years , you will both be dead and it will not matter ?
Oh , no , I do not think that is true at all .
Well , perhaps you are obsessively picturing him engaged in drunken coitus with another woman . Is that it ? Did I get it right ?
Actually , I ca not . Before Leonard left , he made me promise that I had take care of you .
Yes .
Plus , if I do a good job , he said he had bring me back a sailor is cap .
Well , if it is any consolation , I am sure Leonard is tormented every moment he is away from your warm embrace and cherry lips .
Oh , seriously ?
Here is a hot beverage to comfort you . It is in a to go cup . Make of that what you will .
Well , I have been toying around with an idea for 4D chess .
All right . In 4D chess…
I own nine pairs of pants .
I see . I own nine pairs of underpants .
But I do not want to know how many underpants you own . Although , based on the floor of your bedroom , I had say it is a thousand .
I have seen that . Yeah . Serial Apeist . Howard found it online the day we met you .
And it was literally the moment you walked out the door . But I see the type of personal revelations you are going for . Okay , here is one I thought I had take to the grave .
Hmm . A while back , YouTube changed its user interface from a star based rating system to a thumbs up rating system . I tell people I am okay with it , but I am really not .
Yes . Whew , I feel ten pounds lighter .
Here is something else you do not know about me . You just hurt my feelings .
I opened up and shared something deeply upsetting to me , and you treated it as if it were nothing .
It is to me ; that is the point .
Your apology is accepted .
How about a hearty handshake ?
Now I know how you felt getting mauled by that sex crazed gorilla .
And here is another interesting weather fact .
Changes in jet streams can affect the speed at which the Earth rotates on its axis , so bad weather can actually make the day longer .
Joke if you must , but you are going to miss these moments . With Leonard home in a few days , this was your last time driving me to the grocery store .
I will tell you what , if my apples are mealy , we will hit the produce section for one last crazy blowout . Heck , you can even push the cart . Please do not take my looking forward to Leonard is return as criticism of the job you have been doing in his absence .
That criticism will come later in your report card .
Oh , you make me laugh , sad clown . Anyhoo , Leonard will be back in a couple days and I need a welcome home gift for him . As he is been at sea , perhaps something with a nautical theme might be appropriate .
Aquaman ? Oh , this is not a gag gift , Stuart .
I am a real collector . How rare is it ?
Do not try and trick me into buying something I do not want . Now let is talk Aquaman .
Twelve hundred dollars . That is my final offer .
Oh , right , a present for Leonard . You better throw in that squirt gun .
Oh .
Oh , Penny , I see you have ordered pizza . I have Chinese food .
Oh , that is a rather earthy cologne . My uncle used to wear that . Perhaps we can enjoy one last meal together before Leonard returns .
Are you sure ? With your Italian pizza and my Chinese noodles , we could play Marco Polo . I mean , of course , a re enactment of a meal in the life of Marco Polo the Venetian explorer , not Marco Polo the terrifying water sport .
What , now , do you have company ?
Oh , I can take a look at it .
I am quite familiar with plumbing . Not to brag , but I spent most of fifth grade with my head in a toilet .
That is curious . If there is no one here , why are there two glasses of wine on the table ?
Of course . Ask a silly question .
That is odd .
There are takeout containers in the trash can .
What is odd is they are in the trash can .
Oh , very well . I am no stranger to enjoying the pleasures of solitude . Oh !
Have you gotten Leonard a welcome home gift yet ?
Oh , great . Do you want to go halfsies on a two hundred dollar squirt gun ?
Yes , I am .
Uh , elephant ?
I am sorry . I am just distracted by something that happened over at Penny is .
I fear Penny is being unfaithful to Leonard .
She claimed to be alone when there was obviously someone else in her apartment . I have no choice but to assume the worst , given Leonard is lengthy sea voyage and her famously ravenous nether regions .
Oh , really ? She and I once had a staring contest . She clapped really loud and made me blink . It is a small leap from there to sexual infidelity .
Amy , there were Chinese food containers in the trash can .
I hear a woman is voice .
No , it is you . All right , I hear whispering and giggling . Now I think I hear kissing .
There is kissing in Star Trek , smarty pants .
Please . Why would Leonard come home early and waste his time kissing Penny when he could be hanging out with his best buddy ? Yeah , that is it . I am catching her in the act .
Aha .
Leonard ?
Right .   Penny .  Penny .  Penny . Are you going to answer the door or should I open it and say aha again ?
Oh , no , I should apologize . Uh , I never realized to what extent our friendship was a burden to you .
Oh , no , no , let is not sugarcoat this . You find me finicky , pedantic and annoying .
Well , Leonard , I think it is high time you and I address the tweepadock in the room .
Amy ?
Fine . Leonard , there is no need for you to pretend to like me anymore .
No , no , you save your apologies for after you have had disappointing coitus with Penny .
You honestly think you can buy back my friendship with a cheap souvenir ?
Excuse me . This changes nothing . Except the Halloween costume I am wearing this year . Amy , you are going to be Olive Oyl . Lay off the doughnuts .
Hello .
I had like a ride . Assuming you actually do take me to work .
Who knows ? Uh , you said you had be home yesterday , but you came home three days ago . You say you are taking me to work , but for all I know , I will end up in a deserted amusement park . Or a cornfield maze . Or a back alley dog fight . You tell me .
Okay . By the way , you have something on your shirt .
Hurts , does not it ? You know , I find myself wondering if anything you have ever told me is true .
You say you are from New Jersey , but how can I believe you ?
All right , I will give you that one .
I want you to admit that what you did was wrong .
I wish I could believe you .
You say one thing and do the other , so then you are driving me and you find me a delight .
Keep it up ?
Hello . So I guess you are really holding up the other four fingers ?
Thought I heard you out here .
You do not get a hey . You get a hmm .
You are right . Which makes your betrayal all the more devastating .
I let you buy feminine hygiene products with my supermarket club card . You have any idea the kind of coupons I am going to get in the mail now ?
Careful , Amy . The friend of my enemy is girlfriend is my enemy .
Yes . You are either with me or against me .
Maybe there is a third option .
Howard , Raj . Judas .
A crazy person with a long memory , and if all goes according to plan , a robot army .
Or a mutant army . It depends on how my Kickstarter goes .
I suppose so .
And I am glad you and I are friends again , too .
Which reminds me . This came in the mail , and I want you to have it .
Think of me when you apply it .
Yeah .
I do not think thatqualifies as a mystery , we all knew what we were doing .
Thank you .
Come on .
That is amusing , I was going to say that about M .I .T , but it works for Princeton , too .
I am sorry . Are we really doing this or are we tricking Koothrappali again like with the dinner party ?
Oh , everything I could possibly need to win the scavenger hunt .
Well , if he does , do you know how filthy those rental balls are ? They might as well stand on the corner and give away free rectal exams .
He is a born showman .
No , Oh , it actually is if you get the joke . It is based on the premise that Princeton is not a very good school .
Oh , see ? Now he gets it .
Really ? The only time I am ever picked first for a team and I am stuck with the liability ?
Yes , and do you know what the odds are I had pick your name ?
It is not hard , one in five . Now you know why I am pouting .
What are you doing ? You have to start with the edges .
Yeah , well , take them apart and start with the edges . And stop wasting time .
But we have not finished the puzzle .
You think you know the answer . But it could be a trick . What if when the puzzle is complete , there is a sign in the window that says go to the train store ?
Well , I hope you are wrong . I really want to go to the train store .
It is the comic book store .
It is a marathon , not a sprint .
Not with a bowling ball on their back .
Got it .
I thought we were the Lightning Sharks .
The next clue must be hidden under one of these rocks .
Oh , simple , the ‘arrah , ‘arrah in the riddle mean Jan Arrah , a member of the Legion of Superheroes , known as Element Lad . And then the word He , it was not the masculine pronoun , but rather H e , the abbreviation for helium . See where I am going with this ?
Nice try . Now , Element Lad is ability is the power to transmute chemical elements . Helium has an atomic number of two . If you multiply that by the atomic number of N , nitrogen , you get 14 , which is the atomic number of ? I am just funnin’ you , silicon . And that is the most common element in the Earth is surface . So that narrowed it down to the geology lab or the chemistry lab .
And I am sure your parents are proud . Now , finally , the line in this room the thing you will see was an obvious reference to Fantastic Four member The Thing , who is made entirely of…
Those are map coordinates . Got ’em . Let is go .
No one likes a know it all , Penny .
Okay , another 30 feet .
Yes . Yes . My brain is better than everybody is .
To the planetarium .
It is dirty laundry . You are up .
Because you have been training for this your whole life . You live in a pile of dirty laundry .
I am not a child . I know the word ninny .
Wait , it is not all pants , there is one shirt .
Hey , that is my shirt .
No , no , that is not mine . It has a big spot on it .
Oh , that is clever .
Be there in a minute . I just have to pre soak these .
So what had you think ?
That is it ? Good”
My apologies . I chose my words poorly . I should have said you were about to have your world rocked on my couch . Anyway , thank you for watching it . It is one of my all time favourites .
Story problem ? You , oh , Amy , what a dewy eyed moon calf you are . Raiders of the Lost Ark is the love child of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas , two of the most gifted filmmakers of our generation . I have watched it 36 times , except for the snake scene and the face melting scene , which I can only watch when it is still light out , but , I defy you to find a story problem . Here is my jaw , drop it .
Oh , I see your confusion . You do not understand . Indiana Jones was the one in the hat with the whip .
I will tell you why . Amy ruined Raiders of the Lost Ark for me , so now I am trying to find something beloved to her and ruin that .
Yeah , except for the fact that Indiana Jones is completely irrelevant to the story . With or without him , the Nazis find the ark , open it and die .
Oh , it turns out Amy is beloved Pride and Prejudice is a flawless masterpiece . He is got too much pride , she is got too much prejudice , it just works .
Amy has a fondness for the comic strip Marmaduke .
And I think I have got it . Consider , a family possesses a dog that is so large and poorly disciplined , he causes nothing but problems . Why do they keep him ?
Of course . You know , why could not she just like Ziggy ? Yeah ? That thing is riddled with plot holes .
Ooh , I think she is a fan of Garfield as well . Oh , darn it , now so am I .
Wait , hang on . You have spent time with Amy . Can you think of anything she is fond of that has a bunch of flaws she has not noticed ?
Yes . Why ?
April 13 , a dark night , indeed .
I am calling to invite you to a spontaneous date night tomorrow evening .
Yes . You were kind enough to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark with me . So I had like to return the favour by inviting you to watch an episode of your favourite childhood television series , Little House on the Prairie .
Um , I am putting on lotion . Are you in or not ?
Excellent . Then I shall see you tomorrow . Good night , Dr . Fowler .
Good night , indeed . What a rube . Why would I put on lotion when I have such soft hands ?
Well , you sit back , relax and enjoy a beloved childhood memory . You see that cabin there ? I read they were illegally squatting on Indian land . Yeah . Personally , I think what we did to the Native Americans was wrong , but this is your favourite show , not mine . Oh , look at little Laura Ingalls , eating that peanut butter sandwich . Peanut butter ? Huh ? That is strange , since peanut butter was not introduced until the early 1900s . If I knew this show was about time travel , I would have watched it much sooner .
That is silly . Almost as silly as Dr . Baker having a telephone , since telephones only existed in large cities at that time . This is more like Little House on the Preposterous .
Are you sure ? Every time my dad stayed out all night , my mom would put hamster poop in his chewing tobacco .
Fine . I am mad at you . Not only did you ruin Raiders for me , you may have ruined the whole franchise . Except for the fourth one , which was bad before you got your mitts on it .
Thank you .
Yes . But not as good as I am going to when I tell you that your precious Garfield has no reason to hate Mondays . He is a cat . He does not have a job .
That is true . He collected and delivered the ark to the proper authorities for filing .
Oh , no , I got bored with that . I am just browsing cuticle scissors on Amazon .
If you do that , I will scream .
That makes two of us . My new cuticle scissors will be here in one to two business days . Come on , one .
You know , riding with Leonard has gotten a little tedious lately . The only car game he ever wants to play is the Quiet Game . And he is terrible at it , I always win .
Well , why would not I be ?
My father used to say that all the time . That and , um , who does one have to orally gratify to get a drink around here ? But what does that have to do with you working at the university ?
Really ?
Huh . Yeah , I always took it literally . That is why I have never once moved my bowels in this or any restaurant . Hmm .
Not as relieved as I am about to be . It is a brave new world , little lady .
Why not ? Hairy Fairy .
That is a Raging Ogre .
Well , I appreciate your concern , but I will not be seeing any more of Amy than I already do . I assume we will deduct any extra time we spend together at work from our weekly quota .
Why ? So you can see the look on Amy is face when she hears my top notch idea ?
Hi . Um , I have reconsidered . Uh , you ca not work where I work . Enjoy the rest of your evening .
Mmm , you are not going to come out of this looking good .
Well , I was . But that was before Howard explained to me how awful it would be if he had to work with his significant other .
Now , do not be insulted . He just thinks too much of you would be mind numbingly tedious .
Yeah , well , now , well , keep it short . From what I gather , brevity is your friend . So , are we good here ?
Last week , you told Leonard he could not wear his Wookie jacket out in public .
Really ?
Hmm . You sure your mothlike personality will not be drawn to this blazing fire that is myself ?
Well , then , you have my permission .
Too late . No backsies .
Howard , if you are going to lie to your wife , do not start the sentence with Sheldon misunderstood . That is a dead giveaway .
Yeah , but to be fair , he only said the part about him getting sick of you .
If it makes you feel any better , Amy and I are fine . I mean , really good .
Uh , it also would not have happened if , in the early universe , hydrogen was a little more common or a little less common . This is fun . Your turn .
Hello .
Oh , we are fine . As Howard advised , she is merely respecting our professional boundaries .
Yeah , you make a good point . It would appear I was worried for nothing . Look at her , desperately wishing she was over here at the cool table . Do not worry , little moth . The flame will come to you .
Ah , Sweden . Yeah , home of my favourite Muppet and , uh , second favourite meatball . Okay , the Nordic reputation for lack of humour is well founded . Boy , is his name Gunderson or No Funderson ?
Oh , please , I am your boyfriend . You call me Sheldon . That is right , I am in a boy girl relationship with this cute little lump of wool .
It is a physical relationship , too . Hand holding , hugging , even on hot days . Ow . Okay , here is a new one . Apparently now we kick each other in the shin under the table . How do you like it when I do it to you ? Not so much , huh ?
Dr . Fowler ?
Well , I am done with work , so… ugh !
Oh , baguettes . Yes , I like baguettes . What exactly are you doing ?
So , goofing off . As I was saying , I am done with work and Leonard is not . So good news , you get to take me home . Play your cards right , I will let you drive me past the lot where the buses park at night .
What on earth are you talking about ? My behaviour in the cafeteria was delightful . Maybe your friend Gunderson needs to head over to IKEA and assemble a sense of humour .
Aw . Embarrassed you ?
I am starting to get the sense that you are angry with me .
Couple things , actually . Your tone of voice , your body language…
Well , now , that .
Bleugh !
Oh , I had to take the bus home . Fell asleep and missed my stop .
Did you know that Los Angeles has a Little Sri Lanka ?
Well , I do now . They are a lovely people . Although terrifying when you wake up face to face with them . If you are hungry , I brought home some mutton and coconut milk .
I was asking for directions . Apparently , there was a communication problem .
Yeah , I thought so , too , but she is acting very strangely . I was discussing it with a Sri Lankan fellow on the bus , and he hypothesized that a tiger may have recently run across her shadow . Although he may have just been trying to drum up business for his brother in law is witch doctor practice .
Well , can you believe she said I embarrassed her ?
But you did not even hear the details .
But you do not even know…
But , now , but in my defence…
You are not listening to my side of it .
Well…
Amy .  Amy .  Amy .
I could not sleep because I kept thinking about what happened earlier between us . Also , I had one heck of a bus nap . Oh , speaking of which , do you want some mutton and coconut milk ?
Well , I cannot give this stuff away .
Amy , this is not easy to say . All relationships are difficult , but even more so when you are in one with a person who struggles with everyday social interactions . And frankly , who can strike some people as being kind of a weirdo .
I was not speaking about me . I mean , honestly , there is no telling what will set you off . You know , introducing myself as your boyfriend . Giving you the opportunity to drive me home . Breaking the ice with your colleagues using ethnic humour , the funniest kind of humour .
My point is , we are a couple , and I like you for who you are , quirks and all .
Well , I should hope so . I do not see anyone else banging on this door to put up with your nonsense . Not even a good bye ? You see , that is the kind of thing that makes people think you are weird . Poor kid . She just does not see it .
Ca not talk . In the zone .
Ca not listen , zone . Also do not care .
Really do not care .
When did we get to the Cheesecake Factory ?
Ooh , somebody call the burn ward . And back to the zone .
Zone .
Leonard , prepare to be humbled and weep at the glory of my genius .
Look at it . I feel like my mind just made a baby . And it is beautiful . It is not like human babies , which are loud and covered in goop .
Did I ? Well , that ca not be right . No one is ever done that before . Except me , because I just did it . Sheldon and his brain , yeah . Sheldon and his brain , yeah . Sheldon and his brain , yeah . Sheldon and his brain , yeah . Sheldon and his brain…
Gentlemen . Uh , no doubt you heard about my little breakthrough . Now , if your plan is to hoist me on your shoulders and carry me around the cafeteria , please refrain . I do not care for heights , motion sickness or the thought of your necks touching my buttocks .
Oh , well , thank you . Believe it or not , I just learned a Chinese research team at the Hubei Institute for Nuclear Physics ran a test on a cyclotron , and the results were extremely promising .
Yeah , I know . They called it the greatest thing since the Communist party . Although I am pretty sure that the Communist party made them say that . I like China . See , they know how to keep people in line .
Oh , more testing , more success , more fame . Yeah , but do not worry , I will remain the same down to earth humble Joe I have always been .
Now give me that cookie , I discovered an element .
Let is see , what is next ? Okay , here . This is the Magic Marker I was using when I made the discovery .
And that is why you are not on a list for my tree fort . Ooh , guess who is getting an article written about him in Physics Today ? I will give you a hint . You measured the diameter of his suspicious mole yesterday .
Well , you should be . My discovery is spreading like wildfire . Unlike my mole , which is holding steady at the size of a navy bean .
This is the very copy of The Handbook of Chemistry and Physics in which I looked up the reaction rates of mendelevium and…
No . No , no , no , no .
I have made a horrible mistake .
This table , it is in square centimetres . I read it as square metres . You know what that means ?
Amy , I was off by a factor of 10 ,000 .
Yeah , well , they should not have . My calculations were wrong . There must be some resonance between the elements I did not know about .
Sheldon Cooper does not get lucky .
What matters is the greatest scientific achievement of my life is based on a blunder . I am not a genius , I am a fraud .
Oh , great . Now I am worse than a fraud . I am practically a biologist .
There is nothing happy about it . I am being given credit that I do not deserve .
No , Leonard , this is going to haunt me for the rest of my life . Every science classroom , every periodic table , every textbook , this mistake will be staring back at me . Like that time you let Koothrappali wax your eyebrows . I have got to find a way to stop this thing .
You know , frankly , I had prefer a sex tape .
No .
Stop it . Stop celebrating me .
And no woos . Oh , not you , Dr . Woo . You are fine . I want you all to know that you have no reason to applaud me . My so called breakthrough was not the result of my genius . It was nothing more than a boneheaded mistake . So please refrain from praising me for it in the future .
Oh , no , they found the element .  No , no , stop it . I do not need to take this admiration from the likes of you people . How do I make them stop loving me ?
The National Science Foundation wants to give me a substantial grant .
I know . When will this nightmare end ?
You are not ?
That is the most romantic thing I have ever heard .
Congratulations , Dr . Fowler . You just made the fort .
I hate to pile on the bad news , but I just got a raise .
She might be contagious . Do not you think I am having a rough enough day ?
Is it me , or does she not look so good ?
She is sick , I knew it . Bye .
I ca not believe I read this table wrong . I blame you .
You distract me . I have been distracted since the moment I met you .
Well , you should be . Because all I can think about is how much I want to kiss you . And not just on the cheek , but on the mouth . Like mommies and daddies do .
Look . A new topical antihistamine with lidocaine . Wow . I ca not wait until I get a rash .
Hey , is not that Professor Proton ?
Look at him , just standing in line like he was not moderately famous 30 years ago . Let is go say hello .
I am not going to bother him , I am going to talk to him .
Arthur ? Arthur , it is me , Sheldon Cooper . You may not remember because of your advanced age .
This is my girlfriend , Amy . Amy , this is television legend Arthur Jeffries . His science show inspired millions of children .
So , what prescription are you getting filled ?
No . Wait , I want to guess . Do not tell me .
No , no , no . I am really good at this . All right , give me a hint . Does it involve difficulty initiating a stream of anything ?
But I am hanging out with my friend , and we are having fun . Look how happy he is .
Goody . What is it say ?
That is strange . That he would come to you for that and not me . Oh , I got two emails from him . Do you have Leonard is email address ? And . Never mind , I found it . I ca not believe he picked you over me .
Sheldon Cooper does not cry .
Yeah , they say do not meet your heroes . Do not peek behind that curtain of fame and celebrity , because if you do , you will see them as they really are , degenerate carnival folk .
That is even worse . Using the sweet candy of science to trick children into loving him . Pervert .
Yes , I have . And my only conclusion is the prescription he was picking up the other day was for cuckoo pills .
That is kind of a stretch . Look , when it comes to social skills , I have mastered the big three . There is the coy smile . There is the friendly chuckle . There is the vocalization of sympathy . Aw . That last one is tricky , I am still working on it .
What ?
No , go ahead , say it . I know what it is . I have heard it my whole life . The word is annoying . Go ahead , say it . Say it . Say I am annoying .
Oh , it will not hurt my feelings . Go ahead , Amy , say I am annoying . I am annoying . I am annoying . I am annoying . Yeah , now , uh , now where are you going ? Look , you know you want to say it , say it . Say I am annoying . Go ahead , say it . Say it . Say it . Amy , say it . Well , she ca not stand it when I am right .
Arthur .  Arthur .  Arthur . Door knocker . That is TV money .
I am sorry , did I wake you ?
Well , I would have been here sooner , but for some reason your home is not on this map of Hollywood stars .
It is been pointed out by my girlfriend that I may have been annoying to you .
Anyway , I wanted to apologize . I am truly sorry .
No , no , now that we have cleared the air , I wanted to discuss another matter with you .
Well , then , I will make this quick . Um , I want to talk about the paper you sent Leonard . Now , I know he said it is promising and he is going to collaborate on it , but now that you and I are friends again , I am at your disposal . And , um , frankly , lending my name and reputation to it will help , because a lot of people think that you are a washed up has been . Or dead .
So , uh , what do you say ?
It is because I am annoying , right ? I know it is . Say it . Say it . Say I am annoying .
Say it . Arthur , say it . Say I am annoying . Say it . Say it . I am annoying . Say it .
Well , that really hurt .
Hello , Leonard . Oh , hello , Arthur . What an odd coincidence that you are both here .
Because as it just so happens , I am also spending the day with a beloved children is television science personality . Is not that right , new friend and colleague Bill Nye the Science Guy . Sorry , I replaced you with a newer model .
No , I said you were teaching someone a lesson . Now let is go .
Arthur ?
I am surprised to see you here .
I will get Leonard .
If you are hoping to get in touch with Bill Nye , I ca not help you . I have been informed that he is now Bill Nye the Restraining Order Guy .
Thank you . It would be an honour .
Actually , I do not need that . I hacked into your e mail account and read it .
Well , first , I think the fact that you use your birthday as a password is embarrassing .
Second , um , I thought your paper was inspired .
Can I invite you in for tea ?
Yeah , and my eighth favourite episode of Professor Proton was Alka Seltzer rocket . You said , plop , plop , fizz , fizz , oh , what a blast off it is . Remember ? Remember that ? Remember ?
Oh , wait here . I will get some Alka Seltzer , we can build that rocket , and we can shoot it at Bill Nye is house . As long as I am not within 500 feet of it .
Leonard , where are the Skee Ball tickets ?
Yeah , from when we went to the arcade three years ago ? I finally decided what prize I want . Hurry up .
None of your business . But when you see me wearing a flower in my lapel later , you are most welcome to sniff it .
Oh , thank you . Here , get yourself an eraser for your troubles .
I seem to be a few tickets short . Are there more in the box ?
Well , you barely looked . Let me see .
Leonard , let me look in the box .
Why would I flip out ? Is it a spider ? It is a spider .
That seems like a reasonable request . Although so did , hey , Leonard , would you mind returning that DVD ?
Okay .
I believe you .
I said I would .
Okay , first , talking to you while you are on the toilet is not exactly a picnic for me either , okay ? Remember , when you can hear me , I can hear you . And second , you completely disregard how uncomfortable unresolved issues are for me . It is , it is like , a , an itch in my brain I ca not scratch .
You would not make jokes if you could feel the way I feel .
How about this ? I promise I will not pester you about the DVD . You can defecate in peace . That is a win for both of us . But , until this matter is resolved , I would like you to wear this sweater . With nothing underneath it .
You say it is itchy and uncomfortable . I say situations like this make me feel the same way .
Put it on . Let is share the experience .
Oh , did I forget to tell you ? That store went out of business years ago .
How those nipples feeling , chief ?
Gentlemen , please . Leonard is trying to walk a mile in my metaphorical shoes . He ca not walk in my actual shoes . He has the feet of a toddler .
I am thinking about how one could use the fact that a rapidly rotating mirror turns virtual photons into real ones as a method of observing dark energy .
Yeah . It is great you are here . I had love to get an engineer is opinion .
This chair is squeaky . Now , do I fix it or get a new one ?
Hey , that next of kin thing sounds pretty good .
I do not know why that surprises you . I am a grown man . As should be evident by this sport coat and very real flower in my lapel .
The more interesting question you should be asking is , what does this flower smell like ?
There is nothing to tell . Maybe I purchased a book entitled Do not Sweat the Small Stuff and I followed its wise suggestions , one of which was stop and smell the flowers .
Please . Ha ha , Oh .
How is it I can conceptualize a methodology of examining dark matter in the universe but ca not figure out how to fix a novelty squirt flower ?
There is probably a deep reason . Which I had be happy to discuss with you over some peanut brittle in a can .
Well , you seem hot under the collar , or is that the sweater ?
Oh , not necessarily . I suggest you look for long lost relatives either in Armenia or Lebanon .
You know , it might be fun . You love hummus .
Leonard , I have something to tell you , but I want you to promise not to flip out .
Seven years ago , I found out the DVD was late and I paid for it .
I was going to mention it at the time , but then I thought , some day , this might be a teachable moment .
I know . And it was not easy . Do you have any idea what it is like to wait for years and never know if you are going to finally get satisfaction ?
Yeah ,uh , look , it is scientifically impossible for a person to tip a cow . Even you , with your stocky build and lumberjack shoulders , you could not do it .
Mmm . You know , I have been told that a bald refusal of an invitation is rude and one must instead offer up a polite excuse , so I had love to go , but , unfortunately , that sounds awful .
Oh , since you put it that way , I had love to go , but that sounds even more awful .
Uh , excuse me , but every year you prepare a terrible meal and every year I criticize it . Do our traditions mean nothing to you ?
Ugh , fine , I will go . But if her food is delicious , Thanksgiving is ruined , and it is on you .
Now I know how the African slaves felt . Being dragged from their homes to labour under the yoke of the white man .
Yes .
He is right .
Let me ask you a question . At any point , was Las Vegas on its side ?
Yes . Like we are on a ship . Coming from Africa to America .
Yes , Miss Amy .
Oh , oh , oh , I have a reason . It could be because you said yes to marrying Zack , but every time Leonard is proposed , he is gotten a resounding no . Yeah , that is just off the top of my head .
Hah !Penny ? Next .
It smells wonderful . Is anyone slaving away in the kitchen ? Because I , too , know…
I do not know the first thing about women , but I would not follow her .
They passed against a nickel defence . They should have run it off tackle .
My father loved football . He always made me watch it before I was allowed to do my homework .
I would throw a quick slant to a wideout , given that the defence is showing blitz .
I do not care for your mother is bathroom . There is not an angle to do one is business without a clown figurine staring at you .
1993 . Leon Lett blew the game in the final seconds and the Dolphins emerged victorious . Then I finally got to do my calculus .
So was my dad . And then he did .
No . He died when I was 14 .
So was the man who owned the local liquor store . He cried and cried .
No , sir . He did try to give me one for my high school graduation , but I was 11 and my mom said no .
All right .
Do you mind ? We are having a moment here .
All I know is you can only fit one of her in a car . And there is the clown that came out of her . I really did not want to come here , but this is shaping up to be one of the best Thanksgivings I have had in a long time .
She is so tiny . It is funny when she is mad .
Perhaps you are right . I am sorry for my behaviour . I have had alcohol , and it is caused me to be inappropriate .
Ai not she great ?
Now , how is about you get us a couple of beers ?
This is a Jewish house . I do not think they have pigskin .
Thank you . Uh , the university made me come here . I did not want to . Uh , big fan of the show .
Yes .
Who ? Give me their names . I bet it is Wolowitz .
Can we talk about something else ? Do you know that I yodel ?
Yes , yes , I had be a physicist with a Nobel in chemistry . Everyone laugh at the circus freak . You know , I do not need to sit here and take this , Flatow . It is because of bullies like you , every day more and more Americans are making the switch to television .
Yeah , well , I am not just some trained monkey dancing for coins .
Look , you are gonna be doing this stuff for a while . You are just gonna have to find a way to get used to it .
But none of you know what this is like . Being celebrated for something you wish you never did .
Here comes the Embarrassment Express . With stops at Fraudville , Wonder Blunderberg , and Kansas City . Because it is a hub .
Do you have cookies ?
Good . I do not deserve cookies . Come in . Wil ?
Why are you here ?
Certainly . Although , right now , I am having a rough time because there is three people in my room , and it is starting to feel like a discotheque .
Oh , nonsense , Wil . Your endless tweets are not that bad .
How could you not like getting attention for playing Wesley Crusher ? You were wonderful . A know it all boy genius with an eidetic memory . Who could not relate to that ?
That just happened to me . Next time you are stuck for a tweet , feel free to say what a jerk Ira Flatow is .
I do see what you are saying . That helps .
Would you two like to stay and play trains with me ?
Oh , great , now , I work the controls , I say all aboard . You sit quietly and watch .
You should probably go .
Hello , President Siebert . Thank you for taking my call . I just wanted you to know that you can now expect enthusiastic participation from me regarding my discovery . Oh , no , no , no , no . No need to thank mNo , thank my friend , Wil Wheaton . For your information , I have nine friends , hmm ? Ten if we include you . Nine it is . Ah , it is ten . I will count Wolowitz . Hello , friend Leonard .
I am in a great mood .
Yeah , but what about the Chinese research team ? They found it .
Really ?
So no more interviews ?
I ca not believe it .
You robbed me of my greatest achievement .
I am back down to nine friends . Make it eight , I am sick of Wolowitz , too .
By taking away my only claim to fame ? Well , if you wanted to make me happy , you could have told me a joke . Or shown me a cute video of a koala and an otter becoming unlikely friends .
That is what makes their friendship unlikely ,
Leonard disproved my element . Now all the attention is going to go away .
That is it , I am down to seven friends .
When I thought the element was real , I did not want it . But now that Leonard made it not exist , I want it more than anything in the world .
Do not you dare use science against me . Science is my best friend . Oh , good , I am back up to eight .
Oh , yes , nine . Welcome back , buddy .
I have no idea what she is talking about , but we are ganging up on you so I agree .
No , no , of course you have to publish . That is your responsibility as a scientist . Doing otherwise would be unethical . You have no choice .
Can you believe this guy ?
I saw . And I just posted a retraction of my paper . Now the whole scientific community knows I was wrong .
Not to me . The only other retraction I ever had to issue was when I was seven and I conceded that my brother was the greatest ninja in East Texas . But that was just a ploy to get my face out of his armpit .
No , no , no , that is okay . I can fight my own battles . Is not that right , Bawwy .
You are right , That was uncalled for . I take it back .
What is that animal doing in our apartment ?
I have two words for you , Jurassic Park . This day just keeps getting worse and worse .
It probably will not .
Oh , everything is just sex with you is not it ?
Thank you . Ira , if I may , I had like to apologize for my behaviour last week .
Now , is not there something you had like to say to me ?
I believe I can answer that .
Fine .
You are telling it wrong . Ira , to really understand the story here , you have to start at the very beginning . A small town in East Texas , where a young genius named…
That is right , Sheldon Cooper . He was bitten by his neighbour is dog , leading to his first scientific breakthrough , the doggie death ray . Which , sadly , he could not build because Santa would not bring him enriched uranium .
What a surprise . Did you invite me back just so you could ignore me ?
Well , that seems like a snooze . Even for public radio .
You know , I do not just say smart things about science . I also yodel . Penny : Wow , you are really good at this .
Oh , I would , but I am on my way out .
Texas .
Yes . My sister is uterus came down with a baby .
No , I will be Uncle Dr . Cooper .
Well , I never told you about my brother is kidney stone . You want to hear about everything that comes out of my family is genitals ?
Yes . I am filling in for her husband who is recovering from a horrible motorcycle accident . Lucky duck .
Well , she is due tomorrow . Although it did take her six years to finish high school , so who knows ?
Oh , no , thank you , I do not want to be an inconvenience . Chop chop , Leonard . We leave in ten minutes .
The second I go out of town you throw a Christmas party without me ?
That is so thoughtful . You guys are the best .
<i>She went into labor an hour ago .
No , she chose to have a home birth because she wants to live in the Stone Age and a cave was not available .
And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip ‘n Slide .
Oh , boy . I picked the wrong day to wear my good robot T shirt .
No , it is not . I have seen things . Lady things .
Does not matter . This is no way to make new humans . People coming out of people . It is some kind of dirty magic show .
Did you hear that ? A mop . I have two PhDs yet somehow I am the janitor of my sister is birth canal .
Hello .
Of course I am doing laundry . Saturday night is laundry night , and I am in a laundry room , so , I believe your inference is justified .
A tad asymmetrical , but nothing to be concerned about .
To what ?
I am not taking you anywhere till you put on a shirt .
Penny , for the thousandth time , I am saving myself for someone special . Perhaps a cute bespectacled neuroscientist with hair the color of mud .
Actually , much better .
I do not know . I just got back .
My mother asked me to get some towels . I took advantage of the vague request and went to Bed , Bath & Beyond .  Excuse me , I am on the phone . So rude .
That is it . The baby is here . It is a boy .
Oh , thank you . I was not sure I was gonna to make it . But my mother gave me some ice chips , my sister told me to breathe , and I just thought to myself , Sheldon , if you can make it through the Green Lantern movie , you can make it through this .
Oh no , no , I am not going back in there . That baby is so irritating . He has literally been crying his entire life .
Why ?
Ugh , all right , I will go . But from what I have seen , his attention span is as limited as his bladder control .
Me , too . I got a lot of TV to catch up on .
To quote Han Solo , I know .
I would have preferred to have you there with me .
Or instead of me .
I did .
Looking into the blank , innocent eyes of a creature that could not begin to comprehend anything I was saying ? Basically just another day at the office .
We can , but thanks to Steve Jobs , we do not have to .
Yay , Penny .
Why is that funny ? That is just unhygienic .
I do not think so . I believe that a joke is a brief oral narrative with a climactic humorous twist . For example , uh , Wolowitz is mother is so fat that she decided to go on a diet , or exercise , or both . See ? The twist is that people do not usually change . Well , they do not .
Wait , if Howard is mother is coming , then you should also steal marbles . Because she is obese , and hippos are obese , and in the popular board game Hungry Hungry Hippos , they eat marbles . Maybe I need to dumb these down for you .
I think I am hysterical .
The philosopher Henri Bergson says it is funny when a human being behaves like an object .
Oh , he did not perform stand up comedy , he was a philosopher .
Perhaps I will spend some time developing a unified theory of comedy , which will allow me to elicit laughter from anyone at any time . Unless they are German , ’cause that is a tough crowd .
I do not get it .
I do not know about you , but I am very uncomfortable with all this .
I have never seen this show before and now I am starting with episode 246 ? It is unnatural .
All right .
Well , do not ask me . Until I see the prequel , I am lost .
I have been studying how to make people laugh . They say that comedy is tragedy plus time . Let is tickle some ribs .
This is interesting . Apparently , a key component in some forms of humour is the element of surprise .
BRAIN LESIONS !
Or maybe you have a stick up your prefrontal cortex .
Excellent .
Kumquat ?
Ointment ?
Now , would you say ointment is more , equal to , or less funny than kumquat ?
Will you please stop joking around ? I am trying to figure this out .
All of them .
Who is in the mood to laugh ?
But I used science to construct the perfect joke .
So , a sandwich , a rabbi and yo mama walk into a bar . Where are you going ?
Should I follow you ?
Leonard , wait .
I forgot to tell you the sandwich is promiscuous .
Ca not sleep ?
Would you like to talk about it ?
Why not ?
Does that mean the relationship is over ?
Why do not you ask her ?
Well , I am sorry .
No . You are my friend , and , I am sorry .
No . That would not be funny at all .
It is an outrage .
The university , they think they can do whatever they want . We just have to sit there and take it .
You work tirelessly for someone , and this is what you get .
But I do not want a vacation .
Oh , this again ? So , Penny proposed , you did not say yes , and now you think you may have lost her love forever . How does this compare to me being forced to relax for a few days ?
Thank you .
I am going to go inside , put on my coziest pajamas , curl up with a good book and wait for this nightmare to be over .  Penny . Sorry .
Please . What if there is a big breakthrough in science today and I am not there to see it ?
No . I was just tricking you .
Leonard , wait . Take me with you .
Please .
Too bad . I am coming with you .
But .
Hello .
I am on vacation . What do you think ?
Leonard told me to stay .
Where are you going ?
Well , have fun .
Really ?
Okay . I am inside the CERN super collider .
Wow . Did not see that coming .
Let me guess .
What was I gonna do ? Two ins in a row ? Where is my lemonade ?
A fitting swan song to your career as a waitress , to forget my order one last time .
Do you see me drinking lemonade ?
Why do you ask ?
No , I do not think you are .
The best way to achieve a goal is to devote 100% of your time and energy to it . When I decided I was going to be a physicist , I did not take some other job in case it did not work out . Which was not easy because there was a lot of pressure from Ms . Pearson for me to be chalk monitor that year .
Because he is not like us , Penny . We are dreamers .
I have read that there are great yogis who have such mastery over their bodies they can draw water in through their genitals .
Too bad . It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze .
Well , to be honest , I thought she said Yoda .
Namaste .
I am willing to if you guys are .
Y , No . I am as much a part of this relationship as you two , and I think it is high time we put all our cards on the table . For example , where is this going ? Are you two ever getting married ? And , if so , where will we all live ? Have you thought about that ?
Penny ?
Good . Now we are getting somewhere .
Yeah , no kidding . Despite what it says on her résumé , she is no longer 22 .
He does that to me , too . Why do we put up with it ?
I am fine with it .
Well , to celebrate this reconciliation , let is all share a milk shake . Uh , Penny , you will need a straw .
Do not get soft on me , Hofstadter . I will slap those glasses right off your face .
Good Lord , this is not the time for flirting , keep it in your pants .
Every year . I told you , wear a diaper .
It is live . Go , go , go , go , go .
No .
Do not stop refreshing your screens .
Yay ! And they say firefighters are the real heroes .
Oh , Sunday is the worst . Everybody is leaving , most of the good panels are over , and the only T shirts they have left are small and XXXXL .
Not Sunday , I love Sunday .
It is okay . You know , there , there is always WonderCon in Anaheim , you know ? That , that is just as good . Excuse me .
I ca not believe we wasted all that time on our Hulk costumes .
I told you . Buying scalped tickets is against the rules . If you get caught , you get banned from Comic Con for life . Life , Leonard . You are gonna feel pretty silly when we are 80 years old , and you have to drive me down there and then wait in the car for three days .
How do you know this is not a sting operation set up by the Comic Con police ?
You know , there was a time when Comic Con did not exist at all until one lone dreamer with a unique vision made it happen . And you mark my words , I am gonna rip that guy off .
I did not even get to that part .
Not true . Wil thinks this is a great idea . He was just concerned that he was not a big enough celebrity to headline such an amazing event . Also , that is the same day that he shampoos his beard .
You do not know that . I still have plenty of solid leads on this list .
No , wait . I need you to call Stan Lee , Leonard Nimoy and Bill Nye the Science Guy , ’cause , legally , I am not allowed to . Oh , and , also , Carrie Fisher , you know , ’cause I hear he can be pretty nuts .
Gentlemen , I am one step away from securing a huge guest for my convention .
I do not think that will be necessary for Mr . James Earl Jones . You heard me . The voice of Darth Vader , the Lion King is dad , and FYI , the guy who says , This is CNN . Which also sounds like Darth Vader .
Simple . Earlier today , he tweeted that he is looking forward to going to his favourite sushi restaurant for dinner . I googled an interview from four years ago which was conducted in his favourite sushi restaurant . That is where he will be , and that is where I am going , and…
You are the ones who are going to get in trouble . You are buying non transferable tickets . And from a stranger , no less . Not only can you get banned from Comic Con , if caught , you could be charged with petty theft . You think about that while I am warning James Earl Jones about the danger of posting his location on Twitter . He got lucky this time . There are some weirdoes out there .  Bom , bom , bom , bom , badum , bom , badum . Bom , bom , bom , bom , badum , bom , badum . Bom , bom , badala , baba , badalum , bom , badala , bom , bom , forgot my keys , bom , bom , bom , bom , badum , bom , badum…
Thank you . My friend Leonard said if I bothered you while you were eating , you had think I was a creepy stalker .
He is , Mr . Earl Jones , he is .
Me , too . But he was not , was he ?
So messed up .
Is it true , as a child , you were a stutterer and were functionally mute for eight years ?
Oh . Is it true they used scuba gear to create the sound of Darth Vader breathing ?
Oh . Is it true that you were pre med in college and you almost became a doctor ?
Oh , James , I could listen to your stories all night .
Hey , Los Angeles . I am on a Ferris Wheel with Darth Vader . And he is nicer than you think .
Bring it home , Mufasa . Eee , eee , eee , eee , eee , um , um a weh .
I do not understand what we are doing .
Whose house is this ?
Okay . But I think it could have ended with the karaoke .
Oh . How much does it cost to get them off my lap ?
Oh , right . Well , my friends and I could not get into Comic Con this year , and I was trying to start my own convention , and I was going to ask if you would be a panelist .
Really ?
Ay yi yi .
I submitted you a notarised list .
Well , you do not like Princess Corncob , you do not like Fester , you are just impossible to please .
Ah , the worst for last . Hmm . Classic Flakey .
People usually start a meeting with a joke , but you go ahead , end with one .
I hate every word in that sentence . Including in , at , we and a .
For starters , a bed and breakfast forces you to eat with strangers at your table .
Oh , very well . What are the sleeping arrangements ? We have only been dating for three years . If we were to share a room , people might talk .
What if my room has a claw foot bathtub ?
Look , I appreciate the effort , but I am still unclear how this trip is supposed to be enjoyable for me .
Vintage ? Be specific .
Wow . I am feeling the urge to hug you . And one , and two , all right , Gollum , we are good .
Howard , which pocket watch will you be wearing for dinner on the train ?
Oh , I am afraid if we wear the same pocket watch , it will be embarrassing .
Oh , my . Well , then my apologies for bringing up this sore spot .
It is magnificent . This is going to be the best Valentine is Day ever .
I am prepared to say I love it , as soon as I confirm there are no ho aboard .
Uh , I do . Uh , does this train car have the original link and pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform ?
Oh , of course . Um , is the seafood risotto being served on a train car with the original link and pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform ?
Get out of town .
Do another one , do another one .
It is like there is a train in your mouth . Howard : Oh , yeah . I have got one . Um , the Amtrak Wolverine coming into Chicago . Bwch wch wch wch wch wch , bwch wch wch wch wch wch . Ooo ooo .
How many trains have you been on ?
Wow . Your life is amazing .
You are right . That was insensitive of me . I have to go back to my table now . You should join us .
Trick question . There never was one .
What ?
In what world is a four four six four a four ten four ?
I may never stop thinking about it . Amy , what are the odds we run into this guy ?
I never want this day to end .
Come on .
The conductor and I have the same pocket watch .
Dare I say loco ? Oh , and , Amy , guess what ? The conductor said as soon as he gets off work , he can come back to the bed and breakfast and play his banjo for us .
Excuse me . I think you are being a little rude .
How is that possible ? I have hardly spoken to you since we got on the train .
I get it .
What is your problem ?
Oh , really ? Because I remember you saying that this trip was going to be something we could both enjoy . Did you mean that , or were you just trying to trick me ?
Well , if you want romance , then let is have romance . Oh , look , there is wine . Mmm . Grape juice that burns . Uh , now let is gaze into each other is eyes , hmm ? You blinked . I win .
Let is see . What is next ? Oh , kissing is romantic .
Good . Um , the conductor said if I come back to the engine room , he had show me how to bring the train through a crossing .
Do you want to come with me ?
Hello .
It was wonderful .
I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do , uh , I kissed Amy on the lips , and , uh , the conductor played his banjo for me . Good night .
Oh , well , my new friend is name was Eric . Um , Amy lips tasted like the brownie we had for dessert . Oh , and the banjo playing conductor was missing a finger , but he made up for it with his can do attitude .
Hmm . It never occurred to me to pick a favourite .
I ca not answer that without collecting additional data .
Yeah , she is right . You are grown men , the kind who are perfectly capable of growing your own moo staches .
You will get ’em next time .
No one is running anywhere . We are not getting a dining room table .
Do you want the long answer or the short answer ?
Chaos theory suggests that even in a deterministic system , if the equations describing its behaviour are non linear , a tiny change in the initial conditions can lead to a cataclysmic and unpredictable result .
You know , I had love to , but , um , I am too busy falling back in love with Windows 98 .
I ca not talk right now , I have several thousand updates to install .
Think of me as Arthur Dent in Hitchhiker is Guide to the Galaxy , lying in front of the bulldozers to protect his home .
It is a made up story , Leonard , I do not even know why you are talking about it .
You , how can you say that ? You show me one thing in here we can live without .
Wait . Is this really worth it ? We have lived together for years with nary an argument .
But we start talking about a table , and suddenly we are at each other is throats .
Well , that means not one , or not any . Maybe instead of a table , you should buy a dictionary . Well , I do not know if I won that , but at least he is upset .
My spot on the couch has a great view of a window . Sometimes I can see space battles through it . It is called a TV .
You are absolutely right . Nope .
So , when can we get rid of it ?
What about the roommate agreement ? It specifically states that any changes in furnishing have to be approved by the Furnishing Committee . Which only sits on alternate years . Yeah , and by the way , it sits over there .
Okay . I think we have found the problem here . It is not the table at all . It is you .
I have spent years turning this lump of clay into an acceptable conduit for my will , and then you came along and reshaped him , with your newfangled ideas and your fancy genitals .
That is not true .
She told you ?
You are right . Without realizing it , I have allowed that woman to alter my personality .
No . No , I have changed . Like the frog who is put in a pot of water that is heated so gradually he does not realize he is boiling to death .
Excuse me . I have to break up with my girlfriend .
No . You have opened my eyes to the truth . Amy has made me a more affectionate , open minded person . And that stops now .
At the bottom . I must say , I am relieved you are not making more of a scene out of this .
It does not ?
Wait , wait , now , hang on . You think he manipulates me ?
It is hideous .
Wait . You were really gonna stand by me against the dining room table ?
Wait . How do I know that you are not manipulating me right now ?
How do I know you are not saying that as part of the manipulation ?
Okay . I am sorry I gave you such a hard time , I just had to be sure .
Hello .
No . Sorry to disappoint you , but Amy pointed out that you were only trying to manipulate me .
Which I also figured out by myself .
Yeah , okay , you can stop trying to make this about our relationship .
Which is stronger than ever . This is about you trying to change my environment , which was perfect the way it was .
Um .
I do not need to explain myself to you !
Keep the table . We do not use that space .
No , thanks . We are fine . I mean , if you people want to eat at the table , then that is what you should do . I like eating down here because this is how we have always done things . But if those days are gone , they are gone . It just makes me sad .
How about Penny is depressing acting career ?
She does . 42 minutes in .
I have an eidetic memory . I do not know what his problem is .
Am I missing something , or is not that the part she was born to play ?
Are you sure ? We were making fun of failed careers . We did not get to tap the juicy vein that is Howard is .
Yes , and Hawkeye is in the Avengers , but no one ever says help , Hawkeye .
Well , with that sorted out , I am happy to answer your question , Bernadette . Howard started it .
I was not referring to this evening . Ten years ago , upon first seeing me , your husband claimed that I looked like C 3PO and Pee wee Herman . And he called me C 3P wee Herman .
Nine years , 11 months and three weeks ago , he followed that up by replacing the slides for my lecture with photographs of nude fat women bending over .
In any event , that began a decade long progression of insults , pranks and unwanted magazine subscriptions . To this day , I still get a monthly copy of Granny on Granny . Which , other than its surprisingly fun puzzle page , is complete filth .
Hello .
Really ? I was thinking what we have now is a bit much .
Very well . How do you propose we move forward ?
That is a great idea . And in the spirit of our new arrangement , I will mask my surprise that you came up with it .
I have one question . Is this a prank where we land in Houston and you have made up wanted posters that have my face with a moustache and a Spanish name and then I get arrested and deported to South America ?
I am glad because I would not have seen that coming .
Thanks again for taking me to the pharmacy .
Oh , I am fine . It is just some , uh , stomach medication for my trip . There is the remote yet distinct possibility that I may end up in South America .
Remember the old days when I used to point out that your check engine light was on ?
Well , get ready to stroll down memory lane . Penny , your check engine…
Maybe it is just something minor . Ooh , good news , the light just went out .
Oh , in that case , I had like to be partnered with my good friend Howard .
Leonard , would you wrap it up ? We are waiting on you .
It is . You were wrong , friend Howard . She completely understood .
Hello .
Oh , very much so .
Oh , who is the real astronaut ?
Oh . Yay .
I have to go to the bathroom .
But I did not use it because it did not seem safe . Despite all my e mails , the toilet did not have a seatbelt .
I realize that , but safety concerns went out the window two apple juices ago .
Why are you getting annoyed ?
Like when ?
Well , truth be told , as a child , I did dream of going to space . Those astronauts were my heroes . And when you got to go , it was hard for me .
Because it made me realize they will just send anyone up there . Are not you going to let me out ?
But I still need to use the bathroom .
No , turbulence is just the equalization of diurnal temperature variations in the atmosphere . I am not scared at all . Oh , apple juice , stay where you are .
I take it back . I am scared of turbulence !
I am sorry for every mean thing I ever did or said to you .
If you were not my friend , there had be a hole in my life .
Kind of like when Firefly was cancelled . But not as big .
Yeah .
In a minute .Amy : Should you really be sitting in Sheldon is spot ?
Thank you for my bobble head .
It was not easy . Was it Buzz ?
I already am . I am bringing the gift of knowledge .
Despite what her Bible says , recent archaeological studies indicate that although camels are referenced in the Old Testament , they did not exist in the Middle East until hundreds of years later .
But if we show up and you are holding them , she will think they are only from you .
Yes , but now that I have seen what the gift of me with flowers and pie looks like , there is no going back . Boy , I ca not wait to see the look on her face . We are leaving right now .
Nothing .
I saw my mommy with a naked man and she was trying to be a mommy again .
I am not nearly drunk enough . Okay . Do you have any idea what it is like to see your mother ravaging someone ?
No . I wanted to surprise her . What am I supposed to say to her after something like this ?
No .
I have to . How can we ever hope to have a healthy relationship if I do not tell her how disappointed I am , and that I will never forgive her ?
No , I am just going to tell her I am coming so she can give that good time Charlie the heave ho .
Yeah , maybe you better , I took a pretty big sip .
I beg to differ . I used to live in those genitals . And if someone wants to move into my old room , I should at least get a vote .
Okay , let is do this .
You , are not you gonna come with me ?
Mother ?  Mother ?  Mother ?
I saw you having naked sex .
Earlier , I came here to surprise you . I looked in the window and I saw you with a man .
Can you recommend a surface you have not had coitus on ?
Who was he ?
How long have you been involved with him ?
And of those few months , how long have you been a demented sex pervert ?
Perhaps not . But it is a way to speak to a woman who quoted the Bible to me my whole life , and then desecrates one of Ethan Allen is finest sofas .
Or what ?
That is ridiculous . I am a grown man . I am a professional scientist . And I currently occupy the moral high ground .
But I occupy the moral high ground .
But I am a professional scientist .
I am a grown man .
Apparently any man is welcome in this house . Why not you ? I thought you were waiting in the car .
No . I am not sure how we are going to get past this .
Howard , we have all seen your mother naked . That woman needs to learn how to tie a robe .
I did not know she did .
What did you do ?
I am sorry . Although , based on your story , you absolutely were the reason why .
You may have a point . I love my mother . Even if she fornicates like a demonic weasel .
I am .
I think what most upsets me about it , Mother , is the hypocrisy . Does not this contradict all the religious rules you have been espousing your whole life ?
Then why are you doing it ?
Well , this is confusing for me . But I do not want to stand in the way of your happiness . So , I will condemn you internally while maintaining an outward appearance of acceptance .
Mother , if you are going to conduct your life in this fashion , then I should let you know that the world has changed since you were a young woman . You know , it is not all sock hops , soda jerks and segregation anymore .
My point is that you are going to need to be careful . You used to be protected by your pre Enlightenment mythology , but now you are going to need a stronger friend named latex .
Well , someone has to .
No , do not look to Him . He is mad at you right now .
Boy , do I have to urinate .
Seriously . I feel like I have got a fish tank in my pelvis .
I ca not .
Because I am trying to decide between getting an Xbox One or a PS4 . Oh , pee , why had I say that ?
I am not being stupid . I am employing the work of Dutch researcher , Mirjam Tuk , who found that people with full bladders make better decisions .
Here come the waterworks .
So , first there was PlayStation , aka PS1 , then PS2 , PS3 and now PS4 . And that makes sense . You had think after Xbox , there had be Xbox 2 . But no , next came Xbox 360 . Hmm ? And now , after 360 , comes Xbox One . Why one ? Maybe that is how many seconds of thought they put into naming it .
You know , however , with the Xbox One , I can control my entire entertainment system using voice commands . Up until now , I have had to use Leonard .
Get ? Hang on . I do not feel like you are taking this dilemma seriously .
Okay , now , the PS4 is more angular and sleek looking .
Yeah , well , it is true . But the larger size of the Xbox One may keep it from overheating .
No , see ? Well , you absolutely would not . And furthermore , the Xbox One now comes with a Kinect included .
Yes . Not sold separately . Although the PS4 uses cool new GDDR5 RAM , while the Xbox One is still using the conventional DDR3 memory .
See ? That is what I thought . But then they go and throw in an ESRAM buffer .
Xbox .
No , I am not . And this ESRAM buffer should totally bridge the 100 gigabit per second bandwidth gap between the two RAM types .
Thank you again for dinner .
Good night .
Oh , of course .  Did I mention the PS4 controllers light up ?
Well , they do .
Quick poll , PS4 or Xbox One ? Raj ?
Penny ?
Leonard ?
Wolowitz ?
Bernadette ?
Thanks , Grandma .
You know , I am proud of me , too . I have done all my research , I conducted an informal poll , and I have arrived at the rock solid certainty I have made the right choice .
Oh , it is . Although .
I had the same feeling when I made my dad buy a Betamax instead of a VHS .
Yeah , a little kid who picked the wrong format to record The MacNeil/Lehrer Report . Now I also was certain that HD DVD would win out over Blu ray .
Old enough to know better . You know , and now that I think about it , I stood in front of a case of iPods and I bought a Zune .
Yeah , exactly . It is an MP3 player brought to us by the makers of Xbox .
But what if I am wrong ?
You know I only have one slot available in my entertainment centre .
Well , yeah , okay , sure . But which one ?
Interesting .
All right , I will try .
A quarter .
On the one hand , the Xbox One has a better camera , but the PS4 has a removable hard drive . Thoughts ?
But I have not decided yet .
Okay .
I do not know . Hey , look , a quarter .
Meh .
Maybe it is because I am not an elitist . What I had like to know is , how does this gravity wave breakthrough help the man on the street ? You know ? Who is looking out for Joe six pack and all his quantum physics concerns ?
Why would I be jealous ?
Yeah , well , I have had a lot on my plate . We happen to live in a golden age of television .
Really ? Did they find evidence to support extra dimensions or supersymmetry ?
Why would you do that ? You are a string theorist as well .
Do you think he is right ? Am I wasting my life on a theory that can never be proven ?
I could not sleep .
No , that is not it .
Yes , but you would not understand .
All right . I have devoted the prime of my life to string theory and its quest for the compactification of extra dimensions . I have got nothing to show for it , and I feel like a fool .
You mean your acting career ?
Your relationship with Leonard ?
Your failed attempt to go back to college ?
I said Leonard , you said no .
Okay . Well , what do you do ?
I do not know if I can do that .
Break it off , shake hands , walk away .
Gentlemen , is anybody interested in my old string theory books ?
I am . Yeah , Penny pointed out that what I am going through is essentially a breakup . And according to Cosmopolitan magazine , one of the most effective techniques for moving on is to get rid of all reminders of the relationship .
Yes . As it turns out , there is an article on how to get over a breakup in literally every issue . Anyway , it suggests that I set these on fire , but the smell of burning books reminds me of church picnics in East Texas .
Oh , that is just a doodle of a hyperelliptic Riemann surface .
It was . This seemed so elegant at the time , but now I realize I was just a simple country boy seduced by a big city theory with variables in all the right places .
I know . As hard as this is , I have to move on . I ca not keep postulating multidimensional entities and get nothing in return . I have needs , too .
The magazine articles suggest that one of the ways to get over a breakup is a new look .
You stop it .
Oh , how about Bill Gates meets Nikola Tesla ?
Oh , I am in your hands . Do a good job and I will tell you Cosmo is ten dynamite tips to enjoy your PMS .
Oh , there are so many exciting areas . Black holes , dark matter .
Do not feel bad . Neither does he .
Have you ever even seen a picture of Tesla ?
I suppose I could see myself in a scientific boy band . Of course , I had be the dreamy one and the smart one .
She is right . I am too hot .
Oh , looking through my textbooks for a new field of inquiry . Why do we have a geology book ? Leonard , did you throw a children is party while I was in Texas ?
Let me put this in a way you will understand , Penny . You remember how you explained to me that the Kardashians are not real celebrities ? Well , geology is the Kardashians of science .
Have you considered studying standard model physics ?
You want me to give up string theory for something that is less advanced ? You know , why do not you break up with Penny and start dating a brown bear ?
Oh , please . If I wanted to take up a fad , I had get a tramp stamp .
Oh , Duchess , look at me . My quantum gravity is positively loopy .
That is actually not bad advice . You know , I did not seek out string theory . It just hit me over the head one day .
A bully chased me through the school library and hit me over the head with the biggest book he could find .
Ah , normally I refrain from alcohol , but since my cerebral cortex is twiddling its proverbial thumbs , why not soak it in grape juice that is been predigested by a fungus ?
No more than Penny .
Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait .  Empty room .  Empty room .  Empty room . If somebody says come in , I am gonna freak out .
Oh , no . What have I done ?
Not so good .
It is not my friend . Nothing happened .
Oh , dear Lord . Where is Amy ?
Oh . I should call her and apologize . Oh , no .
Apparently , I called Stephen Hawking last night .
Not really . I had a bit of an embarrassing evening .
I drank alcohol and may have left an unfortunate voice mail for Stephen Hawking .
Oh , I hope so . What happened to you last night ?
Well , you know , I have always been a fan of a story told by Attar of Nishapur , about a king who assembled a group of wise men to create a ring that would make him happy when he was sad . And that ring was inscribed with the phrase , this too shall pass .
Clogzilla . That is pretty funny . I do not think that is gonna pass .
Leonard , I could use your assistance .
Well , now that I have given up string theory , I am struggling to find my next area of focus . So , in your professional opinion , which of these areas do you think is the most promising ?
That is helpful . Okay . Of these four areas…
It is just so frustrating .
All right . I officially reinstate Anything Can Happen Thursday .
I do not know . What do you want to do ?
Oh , got it . We order a pizza .
You are right . You are right . Got it . We order calzones , cut them open , eat them like pizza . All right , all right , I will shake the brain bush one more time , see what falls out . Got it . There is a live action role playing group that meets every Thursday night in Griffith Park and re enacts battles from Lord of the Rings .
Any chance that restaurant is near Griffith Park ?
All right .
Amy is sick .
Well , she talks a lot . She always wants to hold hands .
Well , if you were referring to her illness your question should have been , what ails her ?
Oh . Who knows ?
So , we are just randomly choosing a restaurant without researching it online ?
Great . You know , this is how Anything Can Happen Thursday turns into It Wo not Stop Coming Up Friday .
Fusion and Asians ? I am trying not to think about science .
And Amy does not look sick .
That is a good question .  Amy and Bernadette .  Amy and Bernadette .  Amy and Bernadette . Why did you lie to us ?
And Amy , you told me you were sick , but you look just as pale and tired as always .
Where are we going ?
Okay . ‘Cause if I had to pick now , I had probably go with dark matter because…
I do not understand my food . Chinese noodles with Korean barbecue in a taco .
My mother would lock her car doors if she had to drive through this hodgepodge of ethnicity .
Not at all .
But to be fair , when you talk , most of what you say sounds like , wah , wah , wah , clothes , wah , wah , wah .
I am . So much so that I am gonna bring her here for dinner on our next date night .
Penny , there is only one cookie with something in the middle that solves life is problems , and that is an Oreo . Or a Nutter Butter , if you are in a pinch .
This is Asian fusion . For all you know , there is a tiny Chihuahua in here .
No , it is not .
Turn to you for wisdom ? Clearly , that cookie is mocking you . You had never hear that kind of sass from a Nutter Butter .
Have you ever paid for a meal ?
Your warm and fun loving nature delights those around you .
You ca not be serious . If I wanted to waste my time on nonsense , I had follow Leonard on Instagram .
Oh . That is a lot of incense . Or someone set a hippie on fire .
I do not mean to be rude or discourteous , but before we begin , I had just like to say there is absolutely no scientific evidence to support clairvoyance of any kind . Which means , and again , no insult intended , that you are a fraud , your profession is a swindle , and , uh , your livelihood is dependent on the gullibility of stupid people . Again , no offence .
Okay , I just did . What was it ?
For your information , I was asking her about the next Star Trek movie .
That is an easy guess . I am clearly an annoying person and have problems with both genders .
The majority of people have dark hair . Even you , at one time .
Ha . The opposite . She is a neurobiologist , and I am a theoretical physicist . My spirit guides can go suck an egg .
You know what this is ? Yeah , and I reserve this word for those rare instances when it is truly deserved . This is malarkey .
Hello . I did not expect you this evening .
Gentlemen , Star Wars Day is rapidly approaching . We should finalize our plans .
Get it ?
Yes . Actually , I am glad you are here . I am working on the Star Wars Day schedule . Now , I have a window built in after Phantom Menace for complaining , but I am worried an hour will not be enough time .
What is it ?
Professor Proton is dead ?
What are you doing ?
Your heart might be in the right place , but your head , chest and arms certainly are not .
But , that is Star Wars Day .
I am fine .
Hmm . Yes . Look at him , Amy . It is such a shame . Struck down in the prime of my life .
Oh , I am not going to the funeral .
All those people blowing their noses . You ca not tell the sick from the sad . Mm . I will be at home celebrating Star Wars Day , as planned .
Amy , mourning the inevitable is a complete waste of time .
If we were in a physical relationship , you just lost sex tonight .
Uh , no , thank you .
I am fine .
Oh , I appreciate the offer , but Arthur is gone and there is nothing I can do about it . When Darth Vader struck down Obi Wan , did Luke cry like a baby and go to his funeral ?
Arthur Jeffries was a scientist . I am sure he did not care about silly superstitions like funerals . You know , if he were here , I think he had say enjoy Star Wars Day .
Okay , here we go . Episode I : The Phantom Menace .
Howard , I think you of all people should avoid espousing the principle that if something is not our favourite we should just get rid of it .
Get rid of the trade route part ? Then how would Palpatine get Chancellor Valorum kicked out of office ? How would he get himself elected ? How ? Can we get through one holiday without you saying something ridiculous ?
Well , you know what else was just a suggestion ? Why do not we change the Raisin Bran box ? Hmm ? And you know who got hurt by that ? Every single person who eats breakfast .
Look at Arthur , cracking up at a joke I told him . I will never hear that laugh again .
Arthur . I thought you were dead .
Why are you here ?
I know why . You have come to me because you are my Obi Wan .
Wow . Uh , you are dead , so I am going to let that slide . Obi Wan Kenobi is a character from Star Wars . After his physical demise , he comes to Luke Skywalker as his mentor in spirit form .
You must be here to give me advice .
Those are your Jedi robes .
Be careful with that .
This is the swampland of Dagobah . It is where Luke was trained in the ways of the Jedi .
When Obi Wan came to Luke on this very spot , he gave him all sorts of helpful advice . So , um , what do you got for me ?
That is it ? I thought there had be more of a reason why you are here .
I suppose it has something to do with your recent passing .
Oh , no . No . I have already had to say good bye to 11 Dr . Whos .
Of course , my grandfather died when I was five . My father died when I was 14 .
And now you are gone , too . It is like all the men I have looked up to have gone away .
But I do appreciate them .
I am okay . How was the funeral ?
I do . After I make them go back and watch one through five first .
That is true . Oh , it is a good thing I had a nap .
Wow . A Death Star cake .
That is nice .
Why do I need you now ?
So ?
Not at all .Bernadette : Almost there . You are doing great .
I know . Let is go see the new Spider Man movie .
I thought that subject had run its course , so I changed it . It is called reading the room , Amy .
Ah , very good . Because a gorilla go go dancer of any sexual preference would be out of place in a film about the Holocaust .
I know .
Thanks for coming with me .
I brought my own . No sense in risking bridge of nose herpes .
Well , until they invent nose condoms , I am not finding out .
Oh , yes , you are the dermatologist . I went for a walk yesterday without sunscreen . Do you see anything on my forehead that I should be concerned about ?
That was awkward , right ?
Is it because she is dating you but was out with that other fellow ?
Good . I thought she saw something on my forehead .
Oh , quite all right . After my forehead melanoma scare I have learned not to sweat the small stuff . Well , sorry , I do not have all the ingredients to make chai tea .
No , I do . You are upset about Emily and you are Indian . I need to make you chai tea . Now , I have all the ingredients except cardamom seeds . Do you happen to have any on you ?
Oh , I will make English breakfast tea . They destroyed your culture . That is close enough . You know , I am curious , why are you so upset about seeing Emily with another man ?
Ca not happen . We have an ironclad relationship agreement which precludes her from physical contact with anyone other than me .
Slick , huh ?
Have you had intercourse ?
Well , stick to your guns . There will be a lot of pressure .
An interesting question . Well , good night .
That is your problem . You ca not be alone .
How many women have you had dates with ?
How many of those women did you think would become your perfect companion ?
Sure .
Well , now do you see the problem ?
I was trying to suggest chemical castration , but it is my bedtime , so whatever gets you out the door . Good night .
So , who is watching her now ?
Hello .
I just got called into President Siebert is office . The university will not let me switch my field of study to inflationary cosmology . They are forcing me to continue with string theory .
He said it is why they hired me , it is , it is what my grant was designated for , and that everybody has to do things they do not want to do . He then gave an example of something he had to do , even though he did not want to , which was look at my stupid face .
It is an outrage . Honestly , I am tempted to leave the university .
I do not know . I am really aggravated .
I am writing an appeal to the Faculty Senate , so that I can move on from string theory .
You tell me . Dear Esteemed Colleagues , as you may know , I have requested to change my field of study . My decision to do so is , I believe , in the best interest of science . At your convenience , I had be happy to explain it to you in words you will understand .
You are right . I will take that out .
Mm .
Of course . She is spent many nights here , and you are worried about preserving the myth of her virginity before the wedding .
Good , because not only has that ship sailed , if it hit an iceberg , countless men would perish .
What do you mean ?
Oh , yeah , well , I have already given this some thought , and I am willing to let Penny live with us one day a week for a trial period . Now , obviously , not when she is made cranky by the shedding of her uterine lining .
I do not understand . How could we all live together if I am not there ?
Where are you going to go ?
Move across the hall ? Did you take a marijuana ?
Did you get hit on the head with a coconut ?
Well , then , I am all out of guesses . What ? Me move across the hall . Why would you even suggest such a thing ?
I see . You are putting your future bride is happiness above mine .
Wow .
Yeah , and on top of that , Leonard has the audacity to suggest that now that he and Penny are engaged , he may not want to live with me any more .
I have real problems here , Amy . I ca not be mollified with a beverage designed for children . Mmm , yummy .
Ugh , it is like walking into the Amazon . And not the good Amazon with one day shipping . The awful one with birds and snakes .
Four keys ! Who does he think he is , a warden ?
I do not know . Perhaps .
You and… oh , sure , and while we are at it , why do not we get engaged , too ? Why do not we get a little house , start a family ? Enjoy our sunset years together ? Do you hear yourself , woman ?
No . Here is a thought . You are not moving in , Leonard is not moving out , everything stays exactly the way it is . And by the way , I saw you make this Strawberry Quik with syrup , you are supposed to use the powder .
No . The syrup tastes better and I do not like it .
No .
What happened ?
And you could not put it out ?
So when will you reopen ?
So , tomorrow ?
Your life ? The university is making me do string theory and my girlfriend loves me so much she wants to live with me . And now , the place I need to go when I am sad is damp and smells funny .
No . I do not accept this . Everything is changing and I hate it . It stops now . I am helping you get back on your feet . I would like to purchase this comic book , please .
Really ? It is soaking wet .
Can you break a twenty ?
You know what ? I do not always recognize sarcasm , but I do right now , and I do not appreciate it . I am sorry for your loss . But you are not the only one whose day has been a disaster .
You tracked my phone ?
Boy , you chase one balloon for three miles .
Do not be melodramatic . I am just getting on a train and leaving forever .
My plan is to stop at malls and buy what I need . It is called living off the land .
No . I have reached my breaking point . I need to leave . Now .
It does not matter .
I suppose it is . Except I have a credit card . And I refuse to carry my laptop at the end of a stick . And I had sooner die than eat beans out of a can .
Legoland is not the solution to everything . And it is too much of a scene since that movie came out .
Leonard , I am overwhelmed . Everything is changing and it is simply too much . I need to get away and think .
Good Lord . Padawan is the student , not the teacher .
I do .
I will .
Yes ?
Of course you are .
Excuse me . Is it at all possible that you are knitting a pair of pants ? Oh , well , no , you are understandably terrified . But , you know , allow me to explain . 45 days ago , um , I embarked on a railroad journey of healing because my university was making me do string theory , and my favorite comic book store burned down , and when my room mate got engaged , my girlfriend wanted to move in with me , which was no doubt a ploy just to see my , well , excuse my language , but my bathing suit parts . Uh , sir , may I use your phone ?
Yeah , well , I understand that I am half naked , but there is a reasonable explanation . While I slept in my sleeper car , all my possessions were stolen . Now , typically , I wear pyjamas , but I recently adopted a hobo lifestyle and pyjamas are the sleep pants of the Man . I will have you know , Mahatma Gandhi wore no pants and a nation rallied behind him . My good man , now , before you walk away , I know that I may appear deranged , but I am , in fact , a world renowned physicist . Ask me the difference between a on and a fermion . Go ahead , ask . Bosons have integer spin , fermions have half integer spin . My legs are getting cold . Why will not anybody help me ?
Hello , Leonard .
Uh , I am in Kingman , Arizona , and , uh , I need you to come pick me up .
Leonard , I am at the police station . I was robbed . They took my phone , my wallet , my iPad , everything .
No , I am not okay . Uh , I am wearing borrowed pants , I do not have I .D , and one of the officers here will not stop calling me chicken legs .
Hurry .
Oh , yes , please . A pair of pants . And my toothbrush . Yeah , and my mail . And a really good comeback for chicken legs , because “I know you are , but what am I ?” was met with stony silence .
Excuse me , Officer Hernandez ? Any leads on the person who stole my belongings ?
Well , perhaps I can help . Sherlock Holmes always says when you eliminate the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth . Now , have , have you tried doing that ?
Well , maybe you should . There is lots of books called Sherlock Holmes , and there is no books called Officer Hernandez .
Any word on my stolen items ?
You know , Sherlock Holmes liked to use cocaine to sharpen his focus . But I am sure those Cool Ranch Doritos are doing the trick .
Leonard . Oh , I am so happy to see you .
Oh , I am fine . Why did you come ?
I do , but , I feel uncomfortable saying it out loud in front of these police officers .
Where did not I go ? I went to New York , Chicago , Atlanta , Denver , Seattle .
Oh , I have no idea . I never left the train station .
Why would I ? That is where all the cool trains are .
Or had a single piece of fruit .
At the hot dog stand in the Denver train station , Heinz ketchup . At the hot dog stand in the Salt Lake City train station , Heinz ketchup . At the hot dog stand in the Indianapolis train station ?
Wrong . Hunt is . Hey , Amy , what do you say ? You ready to move on to the mustard round ?
I just thought you were bad at the game .
Amy , may I please have a moment of privacy to speak with my roommate ?
Well , I was thinking put your head out the window like a dog , but that will work . Please ? This will be quick . Leonard ? As soon as we get home , I want to have coitus with Amy . Okay , she ca not hear . The reason I called you is because I did not want Amy to know I could not make it on my own .
Oh , of course it is no big deal to you . You idolize me , and nothing could ever knock me off that pedestal you put me on .
I called Leonard because I failed . And I did not want you to think less of me .
Yes .
Can I have one more moment with Leonard ?
Amy just hurt my feelings . I want to break up with her .
I wish I had never gone on that trip . I feel no better now than when I left .
That I could not do it ?
That is a good point . You know , I am a lot like Gandalf the Grey . He fought the Balrog and emerged stronger than ever as Gandalf the White . I was robbed of my phone and pants , and I , too , came back stronger . And whiter , too , ’cause I was not in direct sunlight for six weeks .
Indeed . I was the world is smartest caterpillar . And then after pupating in our nation is railway system , I have burst forth as the world is smartest butterfly .
Yeah , I feel renewed . I am ready to deal with any changes that come my way .
Your hair is different . You changed your hair . I ca not take this . I am out .
Yeah , it did , but luckily all my photos got backed up to the Cloud .
Here , day one , uh , this was the seat I was going to sit in but did not because there were cracker crumbs on it . As it was first class , I suspect Ritz . This is the train bathroom . This is the Imodium I took so I would never have to use the train bathroom .
I recently read that during World War Two , Joseph Stalin had a research program to create supersoldiers by having women impregnated by gorillas .
Yeah , the correct animal for interspecies supersolider is koala . You would wind up with an army so cute it could not be attacked .
The answer is cuddly soldiers with big flat noses . Moving on .
I am sensing awkwardness , am I right ?
Swish .
It was like the rest of the class wanted Ms . McDonald to forget the quiz .
That is right , good job . Hello . Uh , you wanted to see me ?
Thank you . I assume you had like to reopen our dialogue about the university forcing me to continue with string theory ?
That is the one . I believe you went last , so , uh , please ?
Wow . Pouting and running away actually worked . I must say , that may not be a lesson you want to reinforce with me . So , um , what is the solution ?
But if I am a professor , then I will have to teach a class .
So your solution is to promote me and pay me more money so that I can impart my knowledge to the next generation of scientists ?
You people are sick .
Awful . They are allowing me to move on from string theory , but they made me a junior professor and are requiring me to teach a class .
What a stupid question .
I ca not believe I have to waste my time babysitting a bunch of grad students who probably think dark matter is what is in their diapers .
Wrong , Just because I enjoyed that one does not mean I always do .
A valid point , but unoriginal . B minus .
Yeah , well , of course I do . Listen to it . It is like an earful of melted caramel .
It is true that many of my heroes have taken students under their wings . Feynman , Einstein , Professor X . Humorously , in the case of Professor X , some of his students actually had wings . That is rich . I will use that one to lighten the mood after my entire class fails the midterm .
There is no class .
No one signed up .
I called the department secretary to see what happened . Apparently , I have a reputation for being obnoxious .
No , it is fine . Now I can devote all my time to dark matter .
Oh , yes . Fig Newtons . I was going to ask them which scientist both helped to develop calculus and had a famous cookie named after him ? And then after someone said Newton , I was going to tell them they are wrong . The cookies are named after a town in Massachusetts . And then I had throw the cookies away .
Why would you do that ?
Oh , Howard . I appreciate the gesture , but this is a graduate level physics class . I do not think you had understand a single thing I was talking about .
No .
How would you determine the ground state of a quantum system with no exact solution ?
Hmm . Do you know how to integrate X squared times E to the minus X , without looking it up ?
Okay . Um , what is the correct interpretation of quantum mechanics ?
No .
You take that back .
I am trying to prepare my lesson plan for Howard . Why are you telling me this ?
Amy , please . I am trying to figure out a way to intellectually emasculate a dear friend of mine .
Not now .
Oh , I am working on my lesson plan for Wolowitz . He is going to be so lost . Look at this section over here . Even I do not really understand it .
I am a teacher , Leonard . It is my job .
Oh , it is no trouble , it is actually a pleasure .
Interesting point . You are suggesting that I have emotional issues below my consciousness which drive my behaviour , thus causing me to lash out at anything or anyone that threatens my intellectual superiority .
Leonard ?
Howard is allergic to peanuts . How can I use that against him ?
Okay , now that everyone is here , we can begin .
I suppose that is a fair request . There is no reason we both ca not benefit from this experience .
Okay . Well , then , uh , first things first . Um , are you familiar with the Brachistochrone problem ?
Good . And how it relates to the calculus of variations ?
Wonderful . Now , what about Euler Lagrange theorems ?
Ha ! I knew it . All right . We have a lot of information to cover before your first test . Which , by the way , is in eight minutes . The good news is I am grading on a curve , so you are pretty much guaranteed a C .
What are you doing ?
What are you doing ?
Will you stop it . This is a classroom . This is not American Bandstand .
Now , where was I ? Let is see . Oh , yes . Over here . You… What are you doing now ?
Why ?
You are not going to do that , and I will tell you why . This is an institution of higher learning , I am your professor , and you are going to treat me with the prop… You shot your spit in my mouth !
Ca not talk . Spitball . Probably gonna die .
Are you sure ? It just does not feel as innocent as it used to .
You violated the sanctity of my mouth .
I told you you were not smart enough to take it .
Yeah , try me .
Young is modulus .
Laminate the core material .
Oh ! It is not even Easter time . This is crazy .
He is right . And given that you are probably still waiting to be picked for a game that was played in fifth grade , I am sure you do suck .
Well , not just him . May I remind you that you are talking to the seeker , beater , chaser and water boy of the third place Griffith Park Quidditch team .
Well , if you are going to serve Cornish game hen , you should either be familiar with the history of Cornwall or be prepared to learn it .
Good , I had Cornish game hen .
I missed a number of date nights while I was on my train trip , and I am contractually obligated to make them up under the terms of the Relationship Agreement .
If you are free tomorrow night , I had love to have you join us on a double date .
Oh . Well , then come or do not . I do not care .
At our committee meeting , Amy made a motion for a picnic in a park , but I tacked so many amendments on that thing it sank like a lead balloon .
Yeah , which I was initially sceptical of until I saw online that they serve Yorkshire pudding .
No , it is yucky , but informing people about the history of Yorkshire is yummy , yum yum .
Ignore them , Amy . They are just jealous because they will never have a relationship as good as ours .
I was not making a joke , I was merely stating fact . Amy and I have a superior relationship to yours .
Leonard , I assumed you knew . The ranking of relationships in our circle by quality is me and Amy , Howard and Bernadette , Raj and his girlfriend , Penny and Chardonnay , Penny and you .
For starters , we enjoy spending time together .
It is called parallel play .
Not as well as we do .
Oh , listen to them . Not even married and the honeymoon is over .
If you have got a problem basing a relationship on a contract , I had like to tell you about 13 plucky colonies that entered a relationship agreement called the U .S . Constitution . And it may not be cool to say so , but I think that love affair is still pretty hot today .
May I have one of your fries ?
Absolutely not .
It has avocado on it . She is allergic to avocado . Are you so jealous of our relationship you want Amy to die ?
Everything is quantifiable . That French fry ? A seven . Spider Man ? A nine . The number nine ? Oddly , only a four .
No , I am not . French fries have three variables , crispiness , saltiness and shape . Which is why a curly fry only gets a two . If I wanted curls for dinner , I had order a clown wig .
Not according to the work of Berscheid , Snyder and Omoto .
Yeah , not to be confused with the French Fry Goodness Inventory . That is pure Cooper .
It is been around for 25 years , and has been extensively corroborated by other researchers .
Kind of ? It does it perfectly .
Why ? We won . You know , I say , next , we take on Koothrappali and his dog . Really give ourselves a challenge .
The answer is one simple test away . Hmm ? You know , it is like when I thought there was a possum in my closet . Did I sit around wondering ? No , I sent Leonard in with a pointy stick and a bag .
Or a one . A one is possible .
We got an eight point two . Trust me , you are happy .
Whoa . Nobody said anything about watching the game .
I expected to see Howard throw the baseball , finish my hot dog , and hightail it across the street to Disneyland just in time for Mickey is Soundsational Parade .
Who is the bobblehead of ?
No , as long as it bobbles .
Okay , new plan . We go to Disneyland , play hide and seek on Tom Sawyer is Island , and then come back and see the end of the pitch .
He makes a valid point .Leonard : Have you guys heard about this research team that is trying to transgenically manipulate chicken DNA to create some sort of chicken dinosaur ?
Oh , I think that sounds wonderful .
Yes , but tell me a dinosaur chicken salad sandwich would not hit the Mesozoic spot .
Hello .
Speaking of which , according to a recent study out of Oxford University , when someone takes on a new romantic partner , that person loses one or two close friends .
I go to the bathroom like everybody else .
Hello .
Oh , I like their emergency room . Yeah , even if it turns out you do not have Dengue fever , they still let you take a lollipop .
I have some odd freckles on my buttocks . Can I make an appointment for you to look at them ?
I miss Stuart is place . All this loud music and exposed brick . What , is this a comic book store , or a rave at the third little pig is house ?
Oh , boy , if there is one thing that gets my goat , it is those dad gum insurance companies .
For starters , they shed and bite .
I will give you a plan right now . Step one , open comic book store . Step two , start rumour this comic book store gives you genital warts . Step three , buy a big bag to put the money in .
So , what are some ways we could set our comic book store apart from the competition ?
Nice . You mean , like at parks and schools ?
Yes .
On the bright side , that Oxford study was right . One friend down . I wonder who you are going to lose next .
No . You are crazy about me .
You know , the more I think about it , the more intrigued I am about having our own store .
And we will get to have fun interactions with our customers . Like , this is not a library , buy it or get out .
Yes , but as a store owner , I will finally have a good comeback to , You do not work here , shut up .
I am sure she did .
Because if she had not , she had still be wading through the list .
If only Penny had said that once in a while .
Yeah , he is right . Once , in a moment of candour , I told Amy that her hair reminded me of a duck caught in an oil spill . She stormed out . Which was sad , because we were playing Scrabble , and I had all the letters to spell persimmon .
I know that if I had a wife or a fiancée , I had ask her first before I invested money in a comic book store .
Yeah , well , of course I am . I was also right about her hair . It did everything but quack .
I had like your honest opinion on something .
Now , before I start , I need you to know that I am very excited about this , and anything you say that is not enthusiastically supportive will throw our entire relationship into question . So , keep an open mind .
Perfect . Now , I am considering investing in Stuart is comic book store .
No .
Great . Wait till you hear about our van .
It would have been so nice to have a place that was ours , where we could just sit and read comics in peace .
Well , I guess it was too good to be true .Raj : Hey , I read that someone invented a way to convert your footsteps into electromagnetic energy so you can charge your cell phone while walking .
I know the real reason you never made progress with that idea . You thought of it September 22nd , 2007 . Two days later , Penny moved in , and so much blood rushed to your genitals , your brain became a ghost town .
I remember it distinctly because I had just composed my annual poem commemorating the anniversary of Dr . Seuss is death .
Why , die . Why did he die ? Old , told . I was told he was old .
Oh , really ? Since meeting her , what have been your greatest accomplishments ?
Well , do not feel bad . I think we have all been distracted since the girls entered our lives .
Oh , very much so . Listen to this . This is from two days ago . Hi . Hope you are having a good day . Who has time for this constant sexting ?
I am not going to a cabin in the woods . Did you see the movie Cabin in the Woods ?
A hotel ? Did you see The Shining ?
Did you see The Lake House ?
Yeah , well , no , not to them . To me . Time traveling mailbox . The only time that traveled was an hour and half of my life down the toilet .
Well , you did not suggest a beach house .
Well , good Lord , no , have you seen Jaws ?
Yeah , one would assume , on getting out of the pit .
Thinking caps on .
Really ?
Yeah , I have it on Blu ray . We should watch it .
I am sorry . Is that a no ?
I did not get a clear answer . I am gonna set this down now .
Wait . I am confused . Why would you need both a robot girlfriend and a robot prostitute ?
You know , a number of significant innovations have been inspired by science fiction . The , the gynchronous satellite from Arthur C . Clarke . The Motorola flip phone , that came from Star Trek . And I have long suspected that the idea of an African American president was stolen from the movie Deep Impact .
If we could figure out the scientific basis for Marty is hover board , that would have universal application .
I think I have the same one .
Wait . Whoa , whoa . Is placed right ?
Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something from the future ?
That is my boy .
Yeah , but he had will have not placed it !
Unlike Hot Tub Time Machine , this could not be more simple . When Biff gets the almanac in 1955 , the alternate future he creates is not the one in which Marty and Doc Brown ever use the time machine to travel to 2015 . Therefore , in the new timeline , Marty and Doc never brought the time machine…
Marty and Doc never had have had brought ?
Oh , I am going with it . Marty and Doc never had have had brought the time machine to 2015 . That means 2015 Biff could also not had have had brought the almanac to 1955 Biff . Therefore , the timeline in which 1955 Biff gets the almanac is also the timeline in which 1955 Biff never gets the almanac . And not just never gets . Never have , never has not , never had have has not .
Do you know that the word wiener comes from the German name of the Austrian capital Vienna , or Wien ?
I do not think it worked .
Oh , this is already better . There are far fewer distractions in here .
Well , I wonder if anyone is tried that .
Yeah , he is right . Oh , here is a thought . What if we use some form of operant conditioning techniques to keep us from getting off topic ?
Yeah , exactly . Did you know those techniques were used to actually teach pigeons to play ping pong ?
Mmm , not bad . You know , in medieval times , idle chatter was punished with a device called the scold is bridle . It is an iron cage that is locked around the head and pierces the tongue .
Oh , I will check Amazon .
Wait , a question , who decides if someone is gone off topic ?
Ow . We did not vote !
You said quantum coupling . That made me think of the show Quantum Leap . That is a tangent and it is your fault .
Ow . That was your fault .
I think you mean positive punishment . Negative reinforcement is the removal of a positive stimulus . It is a common mistake .
Oh , it is used incorrectly all the time . Even Bill Murray makes that mistake in the first scene of Ghostbusters .
Leonard is right . We ca not just jump ahead . We have to watch the whole movie .
But we did not see them bust one ghost .
No .
Oh , yeah , I had have to say it is the most exiting time in the history of the field .
I started doing it .
Why not ?
Perhaps the emotion you are referring to was shock at you having something cleaned .
Are they making fun of us ?
I miss the old days when I could not tell .
I am always busy . This mind is capable of advanced multitasking . You know , currently , I am attempting to solve the Penrose conjecture , I am composing my Nobel acceptance speech for when I have solved the Penrose conjecture , and I am wondering how mermaids have babies .
Now I have got room for another thing . What do you want ?
Well , I am from Texas and you are from India , we are no strangers to the fragrant armpit . Next .
Yeah , I have a lactose intolerant roommate with a taste for ice cream . Next .
Yeah ? We have to be somewhere .
So it is settled , we are not doing it .
Interesting . You are suggesting that we recreate the conditions of the mine to see if we can handle it .
Very well .
Well , I will just Google hot , dark and moist , see what comes up .
Oh , there , well , look , there is all kinds of vid .
Well , according to my research , the steam tunnels below this access point should be the closest analog to the mines .
Plus , there is almost no chance we will see any of our coworkers half naked .
All right , Amy , this walkie talkie is yours . If we run into any problems , I will contact you . And if anything bad happens , what is the rule ?
Well , admittedly , this brushes up against my well known aversions to heat , small places , going below floor level , dampness , hatches , ladders , darkness , echoes , and eliminating in Home Depot buckets . That last one is quite new , but I have a feeling that is gonna rocket to the top of the list .
Yeah , as the person beneath you , allow me to say , I know .
Uh , let is see . 704 ? No , wait , it is on clock . Uh , the real answer is not much better . 102 degrees .
True . Sheldon is Mine Simulation Log , entry one . Koothrappali is restating of the obvious is already getting on my nerves .
Good . Little claustrophobic .
Miners often sang mining songs to keep their spirits up .
Just the hits .  Where it is dark as a dungeon , and it is damp as the dew .
Where the dangers are double , and the pleasures are few . Where the rain never falls and the sun never shines , yes , it is dark as a dungeon way down in the mine .
Well , I pray when I am dead and the ages shall roll , that my body will blacken and turn into coal .
Then I will look from the door of my heavenly home , and pity the miner that mines my poor bones .
Who is he ?
That is preposterous . How would she go unrecognized just by wearing a wig ?
He does not just put on a pair of glasses . He combs back his curlicue and affects a mild mannered personality .
I told you to use the walkie talkie !
Please keep this channel clear for emergencies . Thank you .
This is a simulation . We have to survive on the supplies we brought .
You are not going to have Funyuns when we are a mile below the surface of the Earth .
We will take some Funyuns .
Some York Peppermint Patties , a couple of Dr . Peppers , and run to Best Buy and see if they have a portable DVD player and season one of a show called Hannah Montana .
As someone from the tropical subcontinent of India , you should know that fanning yourself in a humid environment only raises your body temperature .
My major focus at the moment is keeping my claustrophobia at bay .
You tell me . I feel like I ca not breathe , and I am tempted to crack you open and suck the air right out of your lungs .
We are not stopping .
I apologize . I just , I am plagued by an internal struggle .
My struggle is emotional .
It is dark matter . When I entered the field of string theory , I was a prodigy . I rose to a position of respect , and I assumed my career would continue on that upward trajectory . Now here I am in my 30s , I am back at square one . And , frankly , it is frightening .
Voyager the space probe or Voyager the Star Trek TV show ?
Good . Because I am too hot and tired to go on about how much I hate Voyager the TV show .
It is too late for Koothrappali . Let is go .
You are not doing it for me . You are doing it for future generations who will benefit from my struggle .  Sheldon is Mine Simulation Log , entry four . My Kit Kat has melted . All is lost .
No , thank you . Delivery men are the unsung foot soldiers of our nation is commerce . It is because of people like you , people like me can limit our human contact . I had shake your hand , but , well , you know .
That is humorous .
Yeah , I bet you leave your patients in stitches . That was also humorous .
Are you bringing flowers to a patient to cushion the blow of a terminal diagnosis ? That was not a joke .
Hmm . You know , they have delivery people that will do that for you .
Making the extra effort . Good for you .
Ooh , Siam Palace ?
Uh , mee krob and chicken satay ?
Uh , extra peanut sauce ?
Eh , well , very well . Oh , and on the topic of sharing things that are yours , there is a gentleman caller bringing flowers to your fiancée as we speak .
Why did not you get extra peanut sauce ? We can both play this game .
Hold on , Doctor . Leonard , where are your social skills ? This man is clearly upset . We should invite him in for a hot beverage .
So have these two , and they are having dinner with us .
Here you go , Doctor . Red Zinger with one teaspoon of honey .
What had you get ? What had you get ?
Oh , please , you know , I will tell you how he did it . Implacable , relentless badgering . In urology terms , he was a drug resistant staph infection . And she was a urethra that could not shake him .
Oh , God . Do not make it so hard on her . Look , the first someone is the deceitful you . The second someone is the delightful Dr . Lorvis .
So what other celebrity genitalia have you handled ?
Leonard , I was wrong . Heaven does exist . And it is in the basement of a urologist is house in Sherman Oaks .
Because it is a story of a pretty blonde girl tirelessly pursued by a small , oddly shaped man ?
Well , now , do not get defensive . You are oddly shaped , but you got the girl .
Yes . If you had like to join in , the premise is their love seems unlikely and doomed to failure .
Oh , if you want to get in on the pool , you are too late . All the squares have been purchased .
Leonard , as your friend I feel I should tell you something .
I am still upset about that peanut sauce .
No , I had look silly in that helmet .
Oh , this day just keeps getting better .
You can do this .
You think you have got problems . The gibbon is the only member of the ape family not classified as a great ape .
All the non human apes are classified as great apes except one . That means taxonomists created the entire category of lesser ape just to single out the poor gibbon as the weird kid on the playground . Now there is a hairy little fellow with a genuine beef .
True . Sorry , kid , you have got it worse than a gibbon .
No . I had a date with a proper education . Instead of a tuxedo , I dressed myself in good habits . Instead of spiked punch , I enjoyed the intoxicating flavour of knowledge . Instead of dancing in a gym , I shook my bootyto the seductive rhythms…
Penny ?  Penny ?  Penny ?  Penny ?  Penny ?
Next time I might be in a rush , it is good to have a few in the bank .
I had like to discuss this party that Amy and Bernadette are throwing . Since you and I are both reluctant to go , I think I have come up with a perfect way for us to enjoy it .
We pretend we are aliens . I am not the best at reading facial cues , but I am gonna say that you love it and want to hear more . Now , in the beloved novel Hitchhiker is Guide to the Galaxy , an alien named Ford Prefect pretended to be human in order to blend in so that he could write an entry about Earth for The Hitchhiker is Guide to the Galaxy , which is a travel book within the actual book , which is also called The Hitchhiker is Guide to the Galaxy .
My point is , pretending to be an alien is a valuable coping mechanism I have used many times . I did it the first time I went to see you in a play . You had no idea Commander Umfrumf of Ceti Alpha Three was in the audience . Oh , do not worry , he gave you seven thumbs up .
There are post prom mating rituals ?
Well , if it is part of the prom experience , then I am open to it .
I may be an alien , but I have urges . If Amy wants to copulate by firing her eggs into space , well , then , I will happily catch them with the reproductive sac on my upper flermin . I am not the best at reading facial cues , but I can see that you are a little turned on .
Bruce Wayne does not wear a clip on .
His name is Alfred , and , yes , he does .
What , are you sure ? It is my first prom , I want to do it correctly .
I was , but Penny did not want to . You did not want to . Bernadette , Amy , Koothrappali and Wolowitz did not want to . And even I knew it was weird to hire somebody .
Yes . I have decided to embrace all of the traditions associated with prom , including spiking the punch .
Oh , no , this is pomegranate juice . It is all the fun of high school high jinks with the cell protecting zip of antioxidants .
Oh , everything . Getting our picture taken , slow dancing , being elected prom king . Pointing out that kings are not elected . It is gonna be off the hook .
Why would you say that ?
Penny implied the same thing . Is this true ?
Thank you .
Excuse me .
I ca not do this . And for your information , Leonard , the upper flermin does not grow between my shoulder blades , it grows out of the belly button on my neck .
I do not think that is a good idea .
According to an online message board , I may be having a panic attack . SoccerMom09 had similar symptoms . But to be fair , the twins were a real handful that day .
What is going on is we are about to go to a prom . And there is a great deal of pressure on young couples like us to engage in what Mr . Bob Eubanks called making whoopee .
It is not just that . Leonard and Penny also made comments about it . And I am not blind . Even I looked twice when I saw my posterior in these tuxedo pants .
I really did think you looked pretty .
Yes . So much so that I started to panic .
Were you hoping we would because it is prom ?
Thank you for understanding .
I love you , too .
There is no denying I have feelings for you that ca not be explained in any other way . I briefly considered that I had a brain parasite . But that seems even more farfetched . The only conclusion was love . I know what is happening . This is a panic attack . SoccerMom09 says to lie down with your feet elevated .
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Just because I love you does not mean girls are allowed in my room .
Me .
Still think it is me .
Of course there is . The Mini Cooper , ’cause it is me .
Oh , Tesla .
Hey , how did it go ?
Why would you have surgery ?
But you do not have a life threatening condition . Why would you take the risk of surgery ?
Yes , for the first five or six years , but I have gotten used to it . It helps me sleep . He is like my mucus powered white noise machine .
Very well . I am done talking about it .
I believe it was your turn in the game .
Let is see . Oh , this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous , disfigured freak .
I do not . I am not even sure if that is a person or a typo .
I am listening to you snore . I am wondering how I will ever sleep without it .
Really Leonard . Insults ? After I spent two hours in your closet , waiting for you to fall asleep ?
If the surgery is successful , the snoring is gone . And if you die during surgery , the snoring is gone .
I have to be honest with you Leonard , I am truly worried .
Well , I have been doing some research and I have learned that one in 700 ,000 people die from general anaesthesia .
I suppose that is true . You are such a glass half full kind of guy . I am going to miss that .
Remember when I said if you went through with your surgery , there was a one in 700 ,000 chance of dying ?
Well , I have been crunching the numbers , and so far , I have gotten your probability of death all the way to a sphincter tightening one in 300 .
Leonard , what if you have an allergic reaction to the surgeon is latex gloves ?
Well , then why do not you wear the rubber gloves I bought for you to do the dishes ?
Fine . What about epilepsy ?
You do not , but the surgeon might , hmm ? And your carotid artery is just one shaky scalpel away from becoming the dancing fountain at Disneyland .
I do . I have the drive to the hospital right here . That is if you make it to the car without falling down the stairs . And do not expect me to carry you , I do that enough in life .
You do not know that .
You know who else said that ? Every cocky T . Rex currently swimming around in the gas tank of your car .
I do not know , I am smart and scrappy , I think I had find a way .
Thank you . And while you are thinking about it , if you have the surgery in Nicaragua during monsoon season , I can practically guarantee your death .
18 parts per million . And he is still doing it .
Well , thank you . And Leonard never lets me have French toast sticks in the car . I ca not have syrupy fingers , but he can do the backstroke in a toilet bowl .
Although now that I think about it , Leonard would never go swimming in public without his swim shirt .
No , but last year , at Magic Mountain , he got such a bad sunburn , we had to cut him out of it .
You are acting odd . Why ?
Tell me the truth .
Come on .
Amy . What is going on ?
I see . Take me to Leonard .
Amy , he is my best friend , and if you do not take me , I am going there anyway .
I do . And I would not be able to forgive myself if something happened to him and I was not at his bedside to say I told you so .
Oh , stop it . I assume this medical centre is already treated the burns on your bottom from the recent pants fire .
That is for the fire marshal to determine .
Is he okay ?
Very well .
That is a good idea . Penny , did you and Leonard ever discuss funeral arrangements ?
I suppose we could try to make it a celebration , but he died so young .
Oh , this is not for Leonard , no . Amy bought it for me .
You know those confounded things make me dizzy .
There was a large plant in the lobby . It kept looking like the outside .
It was like a grapefruit .
Well , I am not making any promises . Not only did Leonard take what I feel is an unnecessary risk , he deceived me .
The reason I was being a pain in the B is because I was worried about him , and no one else was .
You bet your sweet B I will not .
And I am not ? It is an earthquake . I knew it .
A little tremor that turns routine sinus surgery into a frontal lobotomy . Oh , I do not care for this at all . Oh , I need to see he is okay .
Try and stop me .
Why did not you stop me ?
You know this is all your fault .
I told you not to get the surgery .
Wow . I do not know which hurts worse , my nose or my heart . Well , I am done speaking to you .
Oh , you are hardly out of the woods , no . You still run the risk of infection , a blood clot , the possibility that an inattentive surgeon let a barn spider lay eggs in your nose . The minute you sneeze web , I am moving out .
I was not panicked , and I am not overly attached to Leonard .
Yeah . Tell me those are not the words of a man with a spider eating its way through his brain . Amy , you are a neuroscientist . Crack his skull open , spray some Raid in there .
Oh , I ordered it before your surgery . It is the urn I was going to put you in .
I ca not send it back , I had it engraved . Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter . He thought he was right , but his room mate knew better .”
Hello . I am Doctor Sheldon Cooper , and welcome to Sheldon Cooper presents Fun with Flags , the final episode flagtacular . I knew it was coming . Still scary . Now , I am sure you are thinking , the final episode ? Who will stand between us and flag ignorance ?
But the truth is I can no longer balance a full time career , a popular Internet show , and a girlfriend .
So as they say , all good things must come to an end .
233 if we include the one somebody forgot to press record on .
And you said you pressed record . Anyway , please sit back , relax , and join us as we take our final lap , as indicated by the waving of this racing flag . And , of course , white flags can also represent surrender , the Stewards of Gondor , and the Japanese Minamoto clan , but I am sure you remember that from episode sixty two , White Flags , Who is Wavin’ ‘Em and Why ?
It was so good .
Over the years here at Fun With Flags , we have had an opportunity to learn , laugh , wonder .
Like when you do a two hour Fourth of July spectacular and it does not get recorded .
How about four thousand . One for every domino I set up to make that American flag . Please enjoy these highlights .
And now it is time for the speed round of Flag or Not a Flag .
I have no idea . Because the story of me sewing the first American flag is unsupported poppycock .
Do not ask me . I am just a simple seamstress whose descendants are out to make a quick buck .
Wait , that purple flag indicates that marine pests , such as jellyfish , are present .
No . This is . Stop looking at my legs .
Welcome back . Our guest today is a returning fan favourite . He puts the reading in your rainbow , the Geordi in your La Forge , and the Kunta in your Kinte , Mr . LeVar Burton .
You do this , I delete your contact information .
While you watch me do it .
Well , since you are here , I had like to get your opinion on something . In honour of Black History Month , I portrayed George Washington Carver in a loving tribute that my roommate called wildly racist . What do you think ?  Hi . My name is George .
You heard him , Leonard . No , it is not racist .
Well , my little flag keteers , it looks like the last episode of Fun with Flags is at an end . If I could , I would run each and every one of you viewers up a flagpole and salute you . And if you touched the ground , burn you . I had like to take a moment to personally thank Dr . Amy Farrah Fowler , who you may or may not know is the first woman to co host a flag or banner related Internet info tainment show .
And if I may get serious for a moment , hosting this show has been one crazy ride . But with all its ups and downs , I would not give it up for the world . Except for now , when I am giving it up . Before I sign off , I had , uh , I had like to share with you all one last use for a white flag . It is good for times like this . Good night .
If you did not press record…
Hello .
I posted the last episode of Fun with Flags hours ago , and not a single person cared enough to comment . All that effort for nothing .
It is not the same thing . I do not think you know how I feel at all .
Hmm . You do get me . Someone left a comment .
Too bad your show is done . I kind of liked it . Leonard , did you hear that ? Oh , the people are heartbroken . I ca not take this away from the world . Fun with Flags is back .
Let is celebrate .
Oh , no , I am not going to drink it . I just wanted to hear the pop . Yeah , I knew it was coming . Still scary .
You told me not to call , and I did not know how else to give you the good news . Fun with Flags is back , and you can be in the next episode .
You , at least listen to the premise . Since you were born in Germany , I thought we could talkPenny : Hey , how are things going with your parents ?
Yes , but she is the only monster at the firm . Between you , me and the wall , I think she is an affirmative action hire .
Ugh . English pudding . You get yourself all excited for pudding , and here comes a cake with raisins in it . I am not going .
Why do you hate me ?
Well , you call it love , but it has a lot of raisins in it .
Yeah , I appreciate the ride .
Because in the last ten minutes , Santa came to town , kissed Mommy and ran Grandma over with a reindeer . I had a drunk uncle who did all those things . Nobody sings songs about him .
My uncle was accused of that , too . It turned out to be legal in Oklahoma .
Oh , we are not exchanging gifts .
Why should I ? She knows that I do not like Christmas , and yet , every year , she forces me to celebrate it . Not only am I going to this foolish dinner against my will , at the Christmas tree lot , there was mistletoe , and she kissed me under it in public . Like we were the stars of a Tijuana sex show .
Yes , and she is not taking my feelings into account at all . Maybe it is time I teach her a lesson .
Hmm . It had have to be something heinous , something that makes her as miserable as she is making me . Oh , I have got it . This is good .
I am going to buy her a present .
With gift giving , there is an implied social contract . If I show up tonight with a present , and she does not have one for me , she will feel terrible .
Yes . Maybe she will feel so guilty , she will never make me celebrate the holidays again .
That is right . So stay on my good side , or I will get you a little something , too .
No , it is not good enough . It has to be perfect .
Hmm . Let is see , what do I know about Amy ? She loves medieval literature , Chaucer is her favourite . And her eyes sparkle when she watches old French movies . I enjoy how harp music causes her fingers to dance as if she is playing along .
I do . Now , let is find the kind of gift that makes her feel small and worthless .
Correct .
There is an argument for that . But I want to make sure .
If you like raisins .
Oh . Oh , in that case , it was pretty good .
Uh , what do you say we exchange gifts ?
Yeah , I do . Which is why I got Amy this .
Oh , not just something , no . It is from the heart , it is holiday themed , and I swallowed the gift receipt so you cannot return it .
Of course it is . It is the perfect gift . How are you feeling right now ? Guilty ? Sad ? Wishing you were Jewish ?
Oh , really ? Well , how about now ?  Happy holidays to my dear Amy . I hope you treasure this as much as I treasure you .  And you got me nothing . Christmas is ruined . Let is never speak of it again . Well , this was fun .
But what about our agreement ?
Cookies ?
They are perfect . It tastes like her hugs .
I ca not believe this . You are happy , I am happy . Well , maybe a holiday that is all about giving is not so… Get your hand out of that box .
What colour would you like to be ?
That is not true . Any colour is fine with me . Yeah , I could be a a combination of blue and yellow .
Well , then it is settled .
Oh , good news , we ordered lunch , so we can all stay here and play Lord of the Rings Risk .
Oh , no , we will still be playing it tonight , this game can easily take eight hours .
Yeah , well , you may change your mind when you hear that this is the new expanded edition which contains a more complete map of Middle Earth , now including the Haradwaith Territories .
You want to be green ?
Fine . Now that we are not playing , you can be green .
And since you are green this time , I can be it next time .
You know what you could make us do ? Ice skating . The cold air will trigger Leonard is asthma and it plays right into my well known fear of getting flattened by a Zamboni .
Well , I am sorry , Leonard , I am a problem solver , it is what I do .
Before you say yes , it is not the movie about the big dog .
You should point out the hypocrisy of that .
Oh , that was not clear . Try it again , but this time drive it home with how do you like them apples , Missy ?
You are making it too complicated . Why not stick to the basics ? Go shopping for clothes while Leonard and I sit in those uncomfortable chairs and hold your purses , hmm ? I know I had hate that . Leonard ?
Well , then , it is settled ?
Well , once again , it is what I do .
That is easy for you to say . Your chair is not facing the lingerie section . Boy , that is a lot of panties .
I do not understand why women insist on making a big production out of buying clothes .
They have a man there who understands my personal style .
Oh . Well , that is all right . There were plenty of ways to pass the time before smart phones were invented .
I will look them up . Son of a biscuit .
No , it is not fine . What kind of store in the 21st century does not at least have Wi Fi ? I am going to call their corporate office . Son of a biscuit .
Boy , double sixes again . You know , if I had not seen it with my own eyes , I would not believe it . I wonder how long we are gonna be stuck here .
Oh , that is true . I suppose it is only fair we make compromises .
I do not know why you are so surprised . If there is one thing I know about after living with you for so many years , it is how to compromise .
All the time .
Oh , yes . I , just yesterday , you had a , a big piece of lettuce stuck in your teeth at lunch . Did I say anything ? No . I compromised and kept my mouth shut . Like you should have , because everyone was laughing at you .
Oh , I learned how . Amy taught me .
Uh , well , it is scary . And sometimes I get the pedals mixed up . But , more importantly , driving me to work is one of the things that gives your life purpose . I ca not take that away from you , so what do I do ? Oh , come on , I am practically feeding you the answer . I compromise .
Oh , here is another one . I wish that the apple pancake mix was on the top shelf because it starts with an A , but I do not put it there because I do not want you breaking one of your little legs when you are supposed to be making my breakfast .
I was not done , but go ahead . He said , compromising .
Well , you are a physicist , not a circus clown .
Is that true ?
Well , given my history on the subject , t seems a little reckless to bring it up now .
You know what ? You think you are so tolerant , but the truth is you are mean to me a lot . Yeah , you think that I do not notice all those sarcastic comments and those eye rolls , but I do . Hmm ? I have excellent peripheral vision . On a good day , I can see my ears .
Well , I am sorry , too . And if you want to live with Penny , then I think you should .
Yes . Yeah , just put on your squeaky shoes and eee eee eee your way out of my life .
I am not upset . I am just imagining a world without my best friend in it .
It is okay .
I understand . Either way , I want you to know that I am aware of how difficult I can be . So I just want to say thank you for putting up with me .
That is exactly what I told him .
Well , what if you did it gradually ?
How about one night and I let you whistle ?
When I am not home .
There we go , compromising again . We really are the best .
It is not a basket . It is a soldier is helmet from 16th century China .
I saw that .
Before you leave , could you test these noise cancelling headphones ?
Okay . Go ahead .
Aw , now I am sad I did not hear it .
Well , I have been struggling for months to come up with a theory of dark matter that does not make protons decay . I am hoping to finally tackle it by optimising my work environment . See , I have got , uh , my tea is at the perfect sipping temperature . Uh , I have fleece lined boxer shorts to keep my tushie toasty . And then , oh , last but not least , this inspirational cat poster improved with the reassuring face of physics renegade Richard Feynman .
Oh , I will , nothing more fun than a paradigm shifting evening of science .
Okay . Here we go . Proton decay . Proton decay .  Proton decay . Proton decay .  Proton decay . Proton decay .
How could there be , with these constant interruptions ?
I am not going to work today . And would you like to know why ?
Like a big old baby .
I have been cooped up in here too long . Maybe I need some fresh air .
Penny ?
Penny ?
Penny ?
You sounded in distress . I was worried something unpleasant was happening to you . Like a murder . Or spontaneous coitus with Leonard .
Well , if you hate it , then why are you doing it ? Although I could ask the same question about coitus with Leonard .
And to clarify ?
I am not going . Would you like to know why ?
Boy , I am not nearly as mysterious as I think I am .
Yeah , I was , but after talking to Penny , I realised something . I , first , she is trying much harder to stay attractive in this relationship than you are . And second , the reason I may not be progressing in my research is I have created too pleasant of an environment for myself .
According to a classic psychological experiment by Yerkes and Dodson , in order to maximize performance , one must create a state of productive anxiety . So I had like to ask you all to do something for me . Keep me on my toes . Just throw me off my game . Essentially , go out of your way to make my life miserable .
Well , I suppose…
You know , I do not want to tell you how to do your job , but when a mouse completes a maze , it gets a food pellet .
And his last meal was a food pellet ? You are a monster .
Very well . And good luck , I am a pretty laid back guy .
I am sorry , I was aiming for your heart .
Who eats them horizontally ?
Perhaps this was a waste of time .
Thank you .
Only do solid research ? I come to you for help , and you insult me ? I thought the least that you would do would be…
Really ? Oh , that is fantastic . Now , wait , they are dropping . Why are they dropping ?
Oh , that is infuriating . Ooh , look , they went back up again . Terrific . Oh , no , they went back down .
Gentlemen , I have figured out the perfect way for you to irritate me . I had like you to be my intellectual sparring partners . From now on , when I make an assertion , I need you to challenge it .
Yes .
Yes .
Oh , no , it will . See , by keeping my mind engaged , I will become more focused .
Stop fighting me on the premise . It is scientifically valid . I am going to advance propositions , I just want you to challenge me .
Why , of course it is what I want . Why would I say it is what I want if it is not what I want ?
I ask you for one simple thing , and you ca not even do it .
Yeah , well , then do it .
You guys are the worst . Thank you , I think that was helpful .
Ladies ?  Ladies ?  Ladies ?
Ladies .
Well , as you may know , I have been experimenting with elevated anxiety levels , and I thought , what better way to increase my discomfort than to subject myself to an evening of tasteless uncensored crotch talk ?
Well , conversations that you would not be comfortable having in front of the opposite sex . You know , who has the best cervix . Which sanitary napkin is all the rage right now . Men is buttocks , and how you want to pat and squeeze them .
And how difficult it is to do when she is bloated , cranky and crampy ? Continue .
You talk about if werewolves can swim ? See , Leonard says yes , but I say it depends on if the human could swim before he was bitten . What do you think ?
Thank you . Oh , and technically , it is apples that turn into were oranges when the moon is full . Hey , this is fun . We should do it sometime when you are not all PMS’ing . Bye .
Oh . Uh , I need to keep my anxiety at the right level , so I am using Darth Vader , the Joker , and Godzilla is roar to keep me in that sweet spot . Uh , I tried including Taylor Swift in the mix , but turns out I love her .
Boy , Taylor was right , haters gonna hate , hate , hate , hate , hate .
Of course .
Yeah .
I can do both . My brain is working at optimal capacity . I can have a conversation with you and solve the dark matter proton decay problem at the same time .
Oh , you said it .
I know . It is replaced Godzilla as my principle source of anxiety .
He is getting a lot of work done . He had a pretty interesting take on proton decay .
That nagging tone is helping my anxiety , yeah . But if you could maybe just go ten percent less shrill , that had really put the zip a dee in my doo dah .
There you go , perfect .
But after months of struggling , I am finally making progress .
Or do I , hmm ? Sir Isaac Newton wrote his Principia while convinced he was an armadillo .
Yeah , well , maybe it is , maybe it is not . I have been hallucinating lately .
Amy , I have gotten more done in the last few days than I have since I made the switch to dark matter . What if I stop doing this , and it all goes away ?
Hmm , perhaps . But I am not taking the cap off .
Oh , really ? What if I do not ? And before you answer that , can I have my dessert ?
I knew you had understand , Armadillo Isaac Newton .
Hey . What are you trying to pull ? The president of science is not in here .
Okay . Hey , I thought you were trying to trick me .
No , no , comfort is the enemy . You know what is comfortable ? Slippers and blankets and panda bears . Imagine a panda bear with Richard Feynman is face on it . Warm up the car , Leonard , it is poster time .
No , I do not want to go to sleep , you ca not make me .
Yeah , darn straight , you ca not . Try to tell a grown man to go to sleep .
That is not gonna work .
Oh , I am feeling much better . And I have also been continuing to make progress without artificially raising my anxiety levels .
Of course not .
Hmm .
Hmm .
Well , you could have set Newton is gravitational constant to one . And , ugh , the whole thing reeks of blueberry . You know I ca not stand these scented markers .
It is good .
I like it . I think you are on to something .
Not at all . In fact , I have got something for just such an occasion . I was starting to think I might never get a chance to give it to you . Good job .
Not just a sticker . That is a sticker of a kitty saying me wow .
Fine , I will take it back .
For a man whose last observation was our universe may be the surface of a multidimensional supercooled liquid , you are still awake seems like quite the sophomore slump .
Oh , I did more than work out all the math . I wrote a paper .
I wrote a paper on our idea .
When I mixed it with Sheldony goodness and cooked it in the Easy Bake oven of my mind .
Well , the lightbulb in this oven is ridiculously bright .
Only way we will know for sure is if we post it online to the pre print server . I have it ready to go , but I was not gonna do it without you .
We could , but we always run the risk of someone else beating us to the punch .
My name is right on there with yours . That is a surefire mark of quality . That might as well say directed by Joss Whedon .
Come on . Click the mouse with me .
Yes , we did , my friend .
I do not want to talk about it .
Does it smell like blueberries ?
Then we are probably okay .
Oh , nice to meet you , Mr . Insightful .
I do , indeed , Mr . Box Thinking .
Read another one .
Who wrote that ?
Well , I am responding to it .
Look , I am simply going to defend our work , scientist to scientist . And failing that , suggest that his mother enjoys a string of both human and non human lovers .
He just left another comment .
Can I respond now ?
You mess with the bull , you get the horns . I am about to show this guy just how horny I can be .
Hmm . No , not yet .
My good sir , we are neither crackpots nor wannabes . In fact , we are experts in our fields . And while you hide behind your anonymity , we stand behind our paper . And later tonight , your mother .
We are just standing behind her . It is not like we are gonna say boo and scare her .
He still has not responded . What is taking him so long ?
Yeah , I do . Then no matter how he responds , I am going to destroy him with a picture of a bored cat saying oh , really ?
He wrote back . Cooper and Hofstadter resorting to juvenile attempts at humour is proof they have nothing to back up their ridiculous paper . It should come as no surprise given they work at Cal Tech , essentially a technical school , where even the physicists are basically engineers . Engineers ? Do you know how insulting that is ?
Yeah , but it is still so aggravating .
And send .
I am done hiding from bullies . I am taking this into the real world .
I told him we will meet him face to face anytime , anywhere .
Oh , okay , okay , calm down .  It is him . He is trying to video chat . Perhaps I should not have taken this into the real world .
Interesting . I ca not think of a single thing I would not say to someone is face .
He is right . I say we call this person back . We have got no reason to hide .
Click it with me . One , two , three , click .
Professor Hawking ?
Then why are you attacking us ?
Good to see you again , Mr . Stephen Hawking Liked Our Paper .
I have invented a science joke , would you like to hear it ?
How many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
Who cares ? He stole the idea and does not deserve his own joke .
Of course , that is how you know it is a good joke . It not only entertains , it informs .
Uh , Barry , uh , how many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
What do you want , Barry ?
Oh , no , me as well . Uh , please e mail it to Sheldon at bazinga dot biz . Why dot biz ? Because I just gave you the business . And also bazinga dot com was taken .
Since when do you help out Barry Kripke ?
Oh , really ? When I was doing string theory and hit a dead end , why did not you try to help me ?
That is pretty funny , that does sound like me . But that does not mean that you should be standing on street corners handing out your math to whatever guy comes along .
I am being petty ? You know Barry and I have a professional rivalry . You heard him , he told me to suck eggs . If we were friends , he would have suggested I suck something more pleasant . Why are you laughing ? Did you learn something ?
Hello .
If I was okay , I would have said hello , and not the much more ominous hello .
I am mad at Amy .
No . She helped Barry Kripke make an advancement in string theory .
Well , it would be , except that I left string theory because I decided it was a dead end . Yeah , and then she went behind my back to help someone else prove me wrong . My rival , no less . I am sorry you had to see that .
Why would she do this to me ?
No , I said there is nothing more important than me advancing science .
Ugh , let it go . I have heard that my whole life . Every time something upsets me somebody says , let it go , you know , like it is my fault , and it is not okay to feel the way I feel .
Is that all you have ? Shopworn tidbits like talk to her and let it go ? Gee , Penny , life is giving me lemons . What should I do ?
Okay , now you are getting creative .
Kripke , you know , of all the people , Barry Kripke . I am so… Are you folding that like a crazy person to get me to do it for you ?
Oh , give me that . Just out of curiosity , if I were to let something go , how would I do that ?
Can I think about the spiny anteater ?
The spiny anteater never went behind my back and worked with Barry Kripke . That did not help at all .
How does that work ?
Okay .
Okay .
But I just got this pen . It is got my initials on it and everything . Look .
I may have a better way that you can teach me .
What if I told you that over the past few months Amy has secretly been giving you little puzzles to test your intelligence against chimpanzees in her lab ?
Are you sure ?
Okay , that is great . Now , let it go .
Well , excuse me , Amy was testing you . I was rooting for you . Good job on that banana box , by the way .
She is been conducting an experiment on apes where they are given various puzzles to solve . I was surprised at the complexity of the puzzles and thought some humans would not be able to solve them . That is when Amy said , want to make this interesting ?
No , no . We designed an experiment involving you . See ? Now , is not that interesting ?
Okay , maybe this will help . Imagine you are holding a pen . Before you go too far , not a special pen with your initials engraved on it , that will make the next part really hard .
I do not understand why you are mad at me . You should be mad at Amy . Like I was this afternoon . Hey , look at that , I let it go .
Penny ?
I think I left my pen in there .
I ca not . I am naked .
Hang on .
Thank you .
That sounds like us . I still do not understand why you are upset . You solved every puzzle faster than all of the chimps .
Oh , I can help you with that . Imagine you are holding an ordinary pen . While your favourite pen is safe and secure in your pocket .
May I say something ?
But I think it would be comforting .
When I lost my own father , I did not have any friends to help me through it . You do .
I did not care for her yelling . But now that I am not going to hear it again , I am sad .
It will not be as good .Amy : I just read about an experiment designed to see if you could make two people fall in love in a matter of hours .
Oh , that is nonsense . I proclaimed my love for you . And the last time I looked into your eyes was when you thought you had conjunctivitis .
Yeah , but we do not have to debate this . We are scientists . We can conduct our own research . I propose that we imprison two street people and…
You did not even let me finish .
So , you can experiment on all the apes you want . But I want to manipulate the emotions of two captive human beings , suddenly I am the monster .
In the interest of science , I had be willing to .
Yes .
Uh , fun fact , pontificate comes from the Latin word pontifex , which means bridge builder or Pope .
Okay , babe , let is do this .
You ready to begin ?
Correct . You are not supposed to drink alcohol when operating heavy machinery .
Well , as a Texas gentleman , I am inclined to say ladies first . Although , I am concerned that level of politeness and charm might make you fall in love with me before the test even begins . Perhaps we should flip a coin . Or if you are familiar with the rules of Rock , Paper , Scissors…
Hmm . Living or dead ?
Ah , that is just as well . As much as I had love to meet Euclid , inventor of the geometric proof , he probably wore sandals and I cannot look at toes during dinner . Oh , I know , the person I had most like to have dinner with is myself .
Well , I have not . And while they say never meet your heroes , I just do not see how I could disappoint . Who would you choose ?
Oh , I did not think of Iron Man . You know , maybe after myself and I have dinner , we can meet you two for dessert .
What would constitute a perfect day for you ?
That is it ?
You did not mention Leonard .
I do not think so . Leonard ca not stand yoga , the beach , massages or dancing .
Uh , I wake up . Uh , I enjoy some French toast with butter and syrup . Uh , then a wormhole opens , and whisks me millions of years into the future where my towering intellect is used to save the last remnants of mankind from a predatory alien race .
Who do you think made the French toast with butter and syrup ?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability , what would it be ?
I do not think you are taking this seriously .
I believe what you are doing is using humour to avoid vulnerability .
Ha . Keep dreaming .
When are we going to get robot eyes ?
Well , what I meant was I often misinterpret how others are feeling . Like , I ca not always tell if someone is only joking or laughing at me . You know , like , uh , if they are mad at something I have done or just in a bad mood . It , it is incredibly stressful .
Well , I am not . And if I could read people is minds , life would be so much simpler .
Thank you .
You sure it is not too much Bible juice ?
So , it would be today ? Huh . Well , I suppose there is something satisfying about dying on my birthday .
Yes .
Well , I do not enjoy presents . And the thought of people jumping out and yelling surprise fills me with more dread than the words George Lucas Director is Cut .
The point of the experiment is to be completely honest with each other .
Thank you .
You are making it difficult to love you right now .
That is it . We are done with the questions .
Okay . Wait , hang on . Bladder check . We are good to go .
Yes .
We are not supposed to talk during this part .
This is kind of creepy .
Well , you have a brown fleck in your right iris that looks like a Formula One race car . So I am just concentrating on that . Plus , it is easier around people that I am comfortable with .
Of course you are , I am warm and soothing . I am like a human bowl of tomato soup .
Oh . Well , I suppose I do think of you as a sister . And sometimes , a mother .
What ?
It was a Monday afternoon . You joined us for Indian food .
Yeah , and you are still eating our food .
I remember it perfectly . But I have an eidetic memory . If you are interested , I also remember how much you owe us for the food .
No , it was not . Uh , now let is tabulate the results of the experiment . I think it is safe to say that you are not in love with me and I am not in love with you . And psychology has once again proved itself the doofus of the sciences .
And I , you . And yes , that is how you say that . Yeah , so , given our newfound intimacy , I had say we have some hard choices to make .
Gary Con , do we fly or drive ? Do we wear costumes ? And if so , who gets to be Gary ?
Well , this is me . It is been a very interesting evening .
Oh , good . You are back .
As you know , Amy and I have been together a long time , and a lot of things I never thought possible now seem possible .
Do you want to say it ?
Sarcasm ?
Okay . That was tricky , ’cause when it comes to alcohol , she generally means business .
No . It is true . It means that we care so much about each other , there is enough left over for an eight ounce reptile .
After much deliberation , we have determined that a turtle is the ideal pet . They do not shed fur , they do not make noise .
Yeah . And if he ever goes berserk , I know I can outrun him . Coincidentally , that is also why I chose you as a roommate .
Oh , dear Lord . Oh , dear Lord .
That was a lot of puppies .
Oh , I do not know . He kind of looks like a jerk . How about this one ?
I know . I like him , too . Hi , little guy . How had you like to come home with us ? You will be living with me because we do not live in the same house .
Or if they accept Daddy is application to live on Mars .
Oh , there is this company that is attempting to establish a colony on Mars , and I applied to be among the first to go . What should we name him ? You know , I came in thinking Seth , but he kind of looks Italian .
Would you have approved ?
Well , based on your reaction , it looks like I made the right choice . Is not that right , Giuseppe ?
I ca not believe you almost had me bring a wild animal into my home .
I was playing Got Your Nose . That is how you get children to like you .
Ugh , this again . Amy , I have already had one new hole torn in my body today . I do not need another one .
So you are saying you would not leave me for the chance to be one of the first humans to colonize another planet ?
Huh , that is exactly what Leonard , Wolowitz , Koothrappali , Bernadette and Penny said .
First of all , this has only made me stronger . But beyond that , all I did was fill out an application .
Is there anything I can do to cheer you up ?
What if I play the Star Trek theme on my nose ?
Yep , you are mad .
I was going to make you red zinger , but since Mars is the red planet , I went with peppermint .
Actually , as part of the application , I was required to make a short video answering that very question . You want to see it ?
But I made a video .
Afterwards , Leonard blew his nose , and pie came out .
Why ? I really do not understand what is happening here .
Amy . Oh , why did not I give her Sleepy Time tea ? Amy , wait . Getting a turtle meant a great deal to me , too .
Do you want me to withdraw my application ?
And in that future , are we on the same planet ? Because I have seen people make the long distance thing work .
Okay . Does that planet have to be Earth ?
I am . Yeah , if I am going to a barren , lifeless environment where the chances of survival are slim to none , I want you there with me . Why do not we go back to the apartment , and fill out your application ?
Oh , I know . We could be the first to plant a flag on Mars . We could be the first to watch Mars Attacks ! on Mars . We could be the first to say good lord , what on Mars are you talking about ?
You just ca not keep it in your space pants , can you ?
They would , would not they ? We could give them cool Martian names . And we could teach them about Martian history . Like , who planted those flags ? And , uh , where did that copy of Mars Attacks ! come from ?
Good idea . And since you have had such a rough day , I am gonna let you throw the pie in Leonard is face .
Two one six four two zero one nine eight nine . And that , little lady , is pi to a thousand places .
Oh , look , it is the Scientific American that covered the paper Leonard and I wrote .
I have mixed feelings about doing interviews . I like the part where I talk . I do not like the part where the other man talks .
Well , that ca not be right .
All I did was answer a few questions about the theory . And then expressed my gratitude that Scientific American does not include any of those smelly perfume cards .
Why ? The theory he came up with just got mentioned in Scientific American . He ought to be thrilled .
Oh , maybe you are right . He is kind of a lump .
Oh , I had be incensed .
Squeaky wheel gets the grease ?
Grass is always greener ?
Well , I do not know , we are all Groot ? Just tell me .
But it was not my fault . I did not exclude him . And I did not write the article .
Oh , that kid . Poor Leonard .
For the record , that kid was a terrible choice . If you cry when you drop your churro , you do not have what it takes to rule England .
Leonard ? Have you ever noticed that only my name is on the cable bill ?
Good , good . And your name is on the electric bill and mine is not . And I am okay with that .
Oh , right . This is a disaster .
Okay , I have to tell you something , but you are not going to like it .
An article was just published in Scientific American about our theory .
No . No , they loved it . They , uh , could not say enough nice things about it .
You know how the PennySaver only has my name…
They did not mention you in the article . Only me .
I know . It is not fair . Let the anger go , buddy . You just , you relax all your muscles . Except for your pubococcygeus and anal sphincter . Let is keep those tight .
It is . They are what hold back the urine and the faeces . Look , maybe , maybe you should not read it . It will only make you feel worse .
You should know I had nothing to do with that .
You know , you are right . Yeah . You know , it is like when Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created Spider Man . Stan Lee may get all the credit , but Steve Ditko knows he was just as important . Even though Stan Lee gets to be in all the Marvel movies . And . and he is far richer . And he is a household name , you know ? Whereas , you know , you say Ditko , and that sounds like a company that makes Dits .
Well , I had give more examples , but , well , everyone in your position is so forgettable .
Leonard ?  Leonard ?  Leonard ?
I spoke to the reporter at the magazine .
I did .
He said they made the editorial decision to only cite the lead scientist .
Well , I know it was your idea , but the reporter said he is been following my work for a while , and the only reason they even mentioned it in the magazine is ’cause my name is on it .
Well then what if I told you that I added your name to the cable bill ?
Oh . That is just as well . They had me on hold for 20 minutes and I hung up .  Leonard ?  Leonard ?  Leonard ? Also , Wolowitz invited us all to dinner , so I am ready whenever you are .
Oh , please . I have ideas all day long . Reverse SeaWorld where dolphins are allowed to pet people . A new clothing size between medium and large called Marge . Snow White retold from the point of view of Sneezy . Why will not Doc prescribe him something ? We finally find out .
Fine . Then Grumpy , what is he so grumpy about ? Maybe his girlfriend will not take his side .
Is it my fault I have a much bigger reputation than he does ?
Is it my fault that my name came first on the paper alphabetically ?
Is it my fault that when the reporter cited me as the lead scientist I did not correct him ?
Hi . Hello . Oh , and a special hello to Leonard , who needs to be mentioned by name .
But you got it , right ?
Of course .
Indeed . Penny , a salon is a gathering where intellectuals entertained each other with sparkling conversations about issues of the day .
Oh , I am aware . It features Whoopi Goldberg . She played Guinan on Star Trek : Next Gen . Penny , Next Gen refers to Star Trek…
I do not believe it matters what the topic is . What is crucial for a salon is that we conduct the discussion in an elevated and insightful way . It is all about the execution .
Yeah , good for you , Leonard . That is a lovely little notion . Kind of like , I wish I could talk to my uncle in Chicago . Yeah , now stand back while I invent the telephone . Hello ? Oh , hold on . Leonard , it is your uncle . He says you just got burned .
Well said , old chap . I thought eloquence had died , here it stands before us . Starting today , it will go Gettysburg Address , I have a dream , and what he just said .
Leonard , please . His mother just died .
Yeah , so are you .
Leonard , lots of people could have had that idea , but very few people could have worked out the math the way I did .
Oh , well , apparently Leonard thinks he is better than everyone in the whole world , including those fighting for our freedom . Yeah , well , I do not know about you , but I support our boys overseas .
Hey , you already ruined Thor , give it a rest .
I did not hog anything . Unlike you and that weird lasagna with raisins in it .
She said my name first , that must kill you .
You see , Penny , the Israelites were in the desert…
Hang on . Physics Today mentioned the paper .
They did .
Leonard , I have been working on an opening joke for our lecture at Berkeley .
Okay , um , what do you say to a graduate of the UC Berkeley physics department ? I will have fries with that . Because his education has not prepared him for a career in the sciences .
Yeah , I think so . I just restocked the old PRK .
I do not see what is crazy about bringing a backpack with your own toilet paper and Purell .
And rubber gloves , uh , air freshener . Um , noise cancelling headphones . Oh , danger whistle . Um , pepper spray . Ooh , a multi language occupied sign . Uh , let is see , we have seat protectors , uh , booties for my shoes , a clothespin for my nose . Oh , and a mirror on a stick , so I can make sure the person in the stall next to me is not some kind of weirdo .
I will begin . Uh , I ca not spy with my little eye something passing right through us .
Will you please play the game ? I ca not spy with my little eye something passing right through us .
I do not want to play anymore .
We get it , you won the game . Stop bragging .
I suppose it is . In fact , if you had like to celebrate with a little music , I had be okay with that .
Play that funky music , white boy .
What reference ?
So they are requesting that the white boy play the funky music , yes ?
And this music we are listening to right now is funky as well ?
Let me ask you this . Do you think this song is the music the white boy ultimately plays ?
So it is like the musical equivalent of Russell is Paradox , the question of whether the set of all sets that do not contain themselves as members contains itself ?
Well then I hate it . Music should just be fun .
Will our hotel room be ready ?
Are not you worried that sitting in the lobby for a long period of time might attract the attention of the hotel detective ?
Seems a little confrontational , but all right . You know , we will not be very far from Skywalker Ranch .
Why not ?
Yoda is swamp was in the middle of nowhere . Tatooine was in the middle of nowhere . Hoth was in the middle of nowhere . That is code , Leonard . He wants us to drop in .
Yes . Oh , I am so excited . And I just ca not hide it .
What are you talking about ?
There it is . It is just a gate . On a road .
This is so amazing .
I want more than a picture . I want to go in .
Is that the attitude that helped you get Penny ?
There is a speaker box . Drive up , push the button , and let is see what happens .
Well , get over it . Confidence is key in these situations .
You pushed it , are you out of your mind ?
You are blowing it . We want to meet George Lucas and become his friends and play with him .
I think what really needs to be rescued is your sense of whimsy , but one quest at a time . So what is the plan ?
Honesty will never get us in .
All right , my plan is predicated on the assumption that they have a nurse is office and your willingness to be lightly stabbed .
Oh , you are killing me .
What if I told you that I was the voice of Yoda ? A recording session I must attend .
Shedding the yoke of my oppressors , you blind , sad little man .
I can see the ranch , Leonard . Oh , it is rustic , it is lovely . I had take a picture , but people are chasing me . I am gonna make it . I am gonna make it . They have Tasers , but they would not dare use… Aaaaaaagh !
Do you think they are gonna call the police ?
Oh , I think that is below the pay grade of an Imperial Officer . Stormtroopers are really the ones who…
So , what are you in for ?
But why are you here ?
Excuse me . Leonard , they have a sculpture gallery .
Uh , one question about that picture . Can it be with George Lucas ? Ooh , grumpy you are .
Are you still mad at me ?
Boy , some people are just glass half empty .
Before I answer , was he a smoker ? I think you are looking at this all wrong .
Well , not only did we go to Skywalker Ranch , we got in . And no one we know can say that . And for all the times you find me irritating , today you got to watch someone shoot me with a Taser .
See ?
I will take your word for it . I was too busy trying not to defecate .
That is amazing .
And I saw Jabba the Hutt riding by on a motorcycle . Although that was right after the Tasing , so who can say for sure ?
It was . And even though we are not allowed back there , they can never take today away from us . Unlike my sense of smell , which has not returned since the Tasing . No , I got nothing .
Well , I will give you three guesses why I am so irritated .
I guess news travels fast . It is true , a select group of scientists was invited to a weekend symposium at a former home of Richard Feynman , and I was not included .
You are just saying that to make me feel better .
Agreed .
Sure . It is not like I was invited to Richard Feynman is house and have anything better to do .
I do not know the future . Do you think there is a chance that an asteroid could hit the Earth , destroying Feynman is house and everyone in it ?
Then buckle up , you are in for a cranky night .
You know I just put that in because of uterus stuff .
I was afraid you might bring this up , so I have a work around . There you go . As far as you are concerned , I am smiling . Although , I must admit , I am smiling a little bit at the moment because this loophole is so brilliant .
Do you think there comes a point in life when it stops feeling bad to be left out of things ?
You know what ? I used to be a fan of evolution , but I have since evolved , and now I think it is dumb .
Hey , look at that . Even in your example , you are all by yourself .
I can just picture them all right now at Feynman is house , probably discussing Schrodinger and at the same time , not discussing Schrodinger . See ? They are missing out on hilarious jokes like that .
It reminds me of when my stupid brother and sister would build forts in the living room and would not let me in . I hated that so much .
Is not that a little juvenile ?
I will get the blankets . You Google how to have childlike fun .
Wonderful . I just finished hanging the lights .
Yes , oh , but enter through the side . Batman is a load bearing blanket .
I know . This is not the printout . This is my real face .
Roughing it ? Okay . Everything looks so big from down here . This must be how Leonard feels .
Okay , so the final four forts in the first annual best fort ever contest , or fort off , are , Fort Knox , Fort Ticonderoga , Fort Sumter and Fort Cozy McBlanket .
Mm hmm .
Wait , no . We have not picked a winner .
Well , of course we do . Fort Knox does not have a secret physics lending library .
Well , wait . What if , just this once , we suspend the date night parameters and you stay later ?
That is a big step .
Very well . I will agree to a family friendly , G rated , boy girl sleepover .
G rated , with a warning for families with babies and toddlers .
Do you need to borrow a toothbrush or pajamas ?
It would , but you know how much I admire preparedness . How did you know we had be in the living room ?
We built a fort .
Well , Leonard , do not you want to see the inside of the fort ?
Oh , come on . I really wanted to tell someone they ca not come in .
I want to say no , but it is too glorious . Get in here .
Hey , would you like to hear some songs I have rewritten to get children interested in the hard sciences ?
There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name o . J A M E S , C L E R K space M A X W E L L , And James Clerk Maxwell was his name o . There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name o , A M E S…
Perhaps you had prefer this one . The itsy bitsy spider is not an insect at all , because it haseight legs and two body parts .
Thank you . Do either of you know Beyoncé ? I had love her to get behind it .
Hello .
All right , you ca not breathe our air without an inhaler , he is allergic to Earth nuts , but I am the alien .
Excellent .
I will tell you exactly what you should do , avoid the presumption of the Terran sensory input paradigm .
Any intelligent organism would at the very least need the ability to locate the position of objects in space . So the ideal interstellar lingua franca would be haptic .
I bet that started off as a joke , but by the third one you realized there was something strangely enjoyable about it .
I do not recommend it . You will be doing it the rest of your life . Anyway , if you are looking for Leonard , he is with Koothrappali .
How nice . Here are some topics that interest me , quantum mechanics , trains , flags .
Oh , sorry . That is not on the list .
Oh , wait . No . How about we split the difference and discuss why Austria was an archduchy and not just a regular duchy .
Hmm . I know exactly what you should do . Unfortunately , I cannot tell you .
I am attempting to turn over a new leaf . Earlier today , it was pointed out to me that I tend to force my ideas on people .
No , that train has left the station . Now , we can play this one of two ways . You can say , trains , tell me more , or you can just look at me like that and I will start .
So , often on the front of the locomotive is a large iron wedge for clearing objects off the tracks . Now , while commonly known as a cowcatcher , I prefer the more accurate cow exploder .
Mmm .
Are you using trains to trick me into giving you advice ?
All right , then . You should take a third train where you audition for the movie but hold off on making a career decision until you have more information .
Well , Penny , who is smarter , the wise man or the person who comes to him for advice ?
No , it is the wise man . That is why he is called the wise man . You know how I know that ? I am the wise man .
Uh , just out of curiosity , why did not you ask Leonard for advice about this ?
Ah , it is just like he is here .
You did not let me finish . And also regarding the bat , it has sonar .
I am sorry . I was trying to think of what rhymes with nose of the aardvark .
Well , well , well , did you hear that , Howard ?
Certainly .
Get together tonight ? Leonard , stop trying to control everything , and give poor Raj a chance to come up with what we should do . Go ahead , Raj .
Tonight works better for me .
Uh , building on that , we should order dinner .
Building on building on that , there is a new build your own pizza place on Colorado .
Bah , you did not say building on . You are out .
You are out , and you are out . I win . Who wants pizza ?
Yeah , I never cared for that . It is advertising to predator races just how soft and squishy we are .
Oh , do not be offended . You know , of the four of us , you have the most veal like consistency .
Perhaps Howard meant passive aggressive like asking our group to help on your project , and then only choosing Leonard .
We looked great .
Yeah , and if he does ask you , go . It is amazing .
Oh , I recommend that , too . That was a magical experience .
I sure did . Oh , my goodness . Well , from Jabba is head to ice cream with Darth Vader , I am having a heck of a ride . Yeah , look , clearly , good things happen when I am in charge . Now , why do not you boys step aside , let me knock this project out ?
Leonard , who is really in charge ? The person in charge , or those who put him in charge ?
No , the guy in charge is in ch… why is everyone so bad at these ?
If your bathroom floor counts as a carry on , you are packed .
Are not you afraid of being blinded ?
At the end of the ceremony , all the students throw those pointy hats in the air . It is all pomp and circumstance until someone loses an eye .
Fine . I wonder if they make I told you so cards in braille .
And a pointy hat sticking out of your eyeball .
All I see is a black screen . And my own reflection . I look sad .
All right .
It actually says at least ?
Why would they say at least ? Is it ten toggles ? Is it a hundred toggles ? You know ? Is it a thousand toggles ? Ten thousand toggles ? A hundred thousand toggles ?
You see where I am going with this .
All right , that seems simple enough . Initiating calibration sequence . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten . Well , I suppose ten is technically at least ten . But they are still getting at least one angry letter .
Initiating rotation sequence . Do not look at me , initiate . What does red and yellow mean ?
Oh . Very well . Re initiating calibration sequence . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten… eleven . It is a good thing I did not send that letter .
Yay .
We did it . Oh , if it is this much fun to rotate , imagine when we fly it .
Oh , no .
Wo not that void the warranty ?
You know what they all do , right ?
What about this one ?
Not very .
So , can you get it working ?
I thought the zero gravity toilet did not work .
Hello .
Well , do not worry . He went to MIT . He can solve any problem , as long as it does not originate in a Russian man is colon .
You ca not return it . Howard wiped his bottom with the warranty .
I think metaphorically . But he was in the bathroom for a while .
Very impressive . You know , when you are done with that , can you look at this ? It does not make smoke anymore .
Mm . Sorry . Ah , maybe it is for the best . I hear locomotive smoke is the second leading cause of death among train aficionados .
Wrong . Obesity .
Oh , look at you , the little engineer that could .
Whoa .
You call tech support .
Check .
Check .
That is what my train used to do .
It is awful , is not it ? Listen to that noise .
Then who is ?
Initiate landing sequence . Initiate landing sequence . Hey , the camera is working . Oh , look , it is me .
Yes , it is a robot uprising . Call the police .
Well , my mother is been there for every honour I have won since I beat out my twin sister for the did it on the potty trophy . How does this look ?
You act like I did not get you that mushroom log on Valentine is Day .
Maybe they will be best friends . One of them is brilliant , one is sweet and simple . Sound familiar ?
Oh , thank you , Mother .
Oh , it is quite straightforward , actually . It describes a new model of the universe that conceptualizes it as the surface of an n dimensional superfluid .
What did they feed the lions , Mother ?
Listen , Leonard is mom is a renowned psychiatrist and woman of science . Can you please keep the Bible babble to yourself while she is here ?
Of course not . I love you . I am just embarrassed by the things you believe , do and say .
Oh , Doctor Hofstadter , it is so good to see you again .
Oh , thank you .
Doctor Hofstadter , I want you to meet my mother , Mary .
Beverly , would you like to see the math I worked out to support our hypothesis ?
Ooh , good question . Everyone loves stories about Sheldon Cooper , boy genius .
Ooh , this is a good one .
Tell her about the uranium . Tell her about the uranium .
But I was not . ‘Cause I did not have any friends .
I was a handful .
Oh , and here is a picture of me receiving my bachelor of science degree .
Well , I had just begun puberty . It was figuratively and literally one of the hairiest moments of my life .
Oh , true . But all the clenching in the world will not keep testicles in your abdomen .
You remember my mother .
Oh , no , not at all . No , we , uh , found a place online that , uh , repurposes diamond drill bits .
Oh , sure .
You mean the box , right ?
Did I misspeak about the ring ?
Do you mean what marine biologists refer to as super weaning ?
Well , now I have to correct you . As a bit of an elephant seal buff , the more accurate comparison would be when two mother seals actively seek to nourish the same pup . So I believe the term you are looking for is a double mother suckler .
Okay , well , now that we have the terminology straightened out . How dare you .
It is not my fault that your mother likes me better than she likes you .
Oh , it is all right . She will forgive you . She has to or she goes to hell .
Well , you doled out affection as a reward for achievement , a proven way to raise a child . Or train a rat .
I had feign modesty at this point , but who would believe me ? Still , you need to consider how successful Leonard is brother and sister are .
While my brother and sister are mouth breathing idiots .
Perhaps . But my mom made me spaghetti with chopped up hot dogs whenever I wanted , so who cares ?
I taught her that .
I know . Do you think I should start watching The Flash TV show ?
Well , one of the things .
Yes . I thought , I ca not decide if I should watch The Flash TV show . I know , I will ask Amy . Anyway .
You are right , you did kind of kill the mood .
Excuse me . Starting to watch a television show that might run for years is not a decision to take lightly . I am wrestling with a big commitment issue here .
Irony is not really my strong suit . But I have been getting better with sarcasm , if you want to give that a try .
Whenever you are ready .
Oh , good . You are here . I need your assistance .
What happened ?
Been there .
Amy is mad at me , and I am not clear why .
Yes .
Well , I just asked her if I should start watching the new Flash TV series .
Baffling , right ? We were necking like a couple of hooligans under the school bleachers . I stopped so I could ask the question . Next thing I know , good bye , kissy face . Hello , yelly face .
It was . I asked her if she thought I should watch The Flash .
Oh , no , not just a season . If I am in , I am in for the whole run , even if the quality declines .
Yeah . Exactly . You know , I waited ten years to see a guy everyone knows can fly , fly .
Oh , not just date night , our fifth anniversary .
If that happens , do not make me wait ten years to watch you eat a tin can .
No , and I am confused . It is been nearly 24 hours . Amy should have figured out she is wrong by now .
Too slow ?
That is right . It is called foreplay . And I could make the case that you two are not moving forward in your relationship .
Hello .
But you have been engaged for over a year now , and you do not even have a wedding date .
Okay .
Okay . If you say so .
Okay .
Yeah , shut up , Sheldon .
Things are good right now .
Outdoor ? Oh . I can RSVP no right now .
Seriously ? Airborne worms ?
You still did not pick a date .
I am sorry I have upset you . I should not have asked so many questions .
Well , look at that , even when I am causing problems , I make the world a better place . Hey , next , why do not we tackle your penchant for whining and Penny is love of the ol’ glug glug ?
Ah , well , very well . So does this mean you will finally pick a wedding date ?
So you are never getting married ? It is his whining , is not it ?
It is amusing that he does not hear it .
My aunt and uncle were married 63 years . Towards the end , it was like watching cheese melt .
After all these years . I am really happy for the two of you .
Now get out of my spot .
Hello . Listen , I have been thinking a lot about relationships and how difficult they can be , and I think…
Strongly disagree . Go on .
Oh .
Okay .
Leonard , have you gotten married yet ?
Good . Do not do it .
Some important new information has come to light . Women are the worst . I thought it was paper cuts , but I was wrong . No piece of paper ever cut me this deep .
Amy has ended our relationship .
Is Penny crying ?
No , of course not . They thrive on our suffering .
Yes . If I ever talk about going out with a girl again , roll your eyes at me like I do to you when you say dumb things .
Whatever .
Why did I just hear Amy is name ?
Did she say anything about me ? Never mind . I do not care . Well , if you care , you can find out and tell me . Just do not be shocked when you find out that I do not care .
Amy is upset ? Is it about me ?
Your marriage is causing her pain ? Yeah , great , I take it back . Go ahead and do it . Yay for love .
When last we spoke , you said you needed time .
The Lord of the Rings trilogy was nearly 11 hours . I made you watch that , you said it was an eternity .
Very well . You seem to be headed somewhere . May I walk with you ?
Boy , I am glad we are going out again .
Why ? Is there someone else ? Just could not wait for that first notch on your bedpost , could you ?
And who is this guy you are taking ?
Oh , you are going to a wedding alone ? That is sad .
Your friends ? Well , I think you mean my friends . And why was not I invited to this ?
We make everyone feel awkward . That is our thing .
I did not want to come in . I was told it would make everyone feel uncomfortable . So I will just stay out here and pretend that I do not have to go to the bathroom .
I see . And is that why everybody was invited but me ?
Raj , you are probably wondering why Amy and I are not showing any affection to one another .
Well , you should know that she recently broke up with me .
You hear that ? Raj is devastated .
I see what is happening . Sides are forming . Well , if Bernadette is on Amy is team , I pick Howard .
Fine , I guess I am stuck with Raj .
Amy , I do not understand , are we broken up or not ? It is like you ca not make up your mind .
Well , you should think fast , because men can sire offspring their entire lives , but those eggs you are toting around have a sell by date .
Will someone take me home ?
I just wanted to let you know that you can remove Amy from your nightly prayers . Unless you are open to praying for a beehive to fall on her head .
She broke up with me .
No , I will be okay . But I think that I had like to send the ring back to you .
It is over for me . I am done with women . Like when I swore off Pop Rocks . They both hurt you on purpose .
Are you going to say it is all part of God is plan ?
Then no , thank you .
Was not Mary Magdalene a woman of ill repute ?
Wow . Well , marriage must agree with you . Well , you are just glowing .
Well , whatever it is , it agrees with you .
Leonard told me what happened , so I took it upon myself to make you a hot beverage .
Yeah . I know . Turns out , being sweet is not enough to keep a girl these days . I blame Madonna .
Well , I am sorry about Leonard . Thought I raised him better than that .
He does ? Who is it ?
Mandy Chao ?
Oh , you do not need to worry about her . She is brilliant and attractive . She can do way better
Wait a minute . I know this may sound far fetched , but I am on the market now . You know , if I dated Mandy , that would teach both Leonard and Amy a lesson .
Oh , you are right . I could never be with a woman whose self esteem was so low she had be with Leonard .
Yeah , I know . Forever . Who would have believed these things would happen to us ?
Hang on . You knew that she was going to end it with me ? Did you try and stop her ?
Do what makes her happy ? She plays the harp and her car is paid for . How much happier can she be ?
I see . Well , I think I will be going .
No , no , no , no . We are done here . Would you mind opening the door and then angrily slamming it behind me ?
Thank you . And slam it hard , because I am pretty steamed .
Would you like to hear another reason why men are better than women ?
You would never kiss me and make me say I love you and then break up with me .
And you know why ? ‘Cause you are a man . The champagne of genders .
Yeah , well , and you admit it , like a man . All you hear women say is , I will just have a salad . You know ? Where is my lip gloss ? I think this element should be called radium . That last one was Madame Curie .
You know what ? She was kind of an honorary man . She had a penis made of science .
Really ? I never imagined it any other . Why are you up ?
Perhaps you can think of this n a more positive light . In one day , you have managed to do what it takes many couples decades to achieve .
Me neither . But I just had a tickle in my throat , not profound marital problems .
Glad you asked . As I see it , there is a simple solution . Your lips had a dalliance with the lips of another woman . It seems only logical that to restore balance to the relationship , you should find another man and dally with him . And by dally , I mean some hardcore mouth on mouth action .
I am currently single .
I will tell you what is happening . I am saving my best friend is marriage .
Well , hello to you , too .
I understand we are no longer a couple , but I would like to remind you that we made a baby together .
A precocious little Internet show known as Fun With Flags .
Great . See you in about half an hour .
Why not ?
Sonny and Cher made it work . Their variety show kept going long after the divorce , and here we are still talking about them .
You must be thinking about Donny and Marie , ’cause you and I are clearly talking about Sonny and Cher .
Well , if you want to see less of me , maybe we should go out again .
I am here to return your belongings . That is what people who have broken up do .
On the contrary , you no longer get to enjoy my charming eccentricities . We are not friends with benefits .
Wait . Do not you want to go through it to make sure I have not forgotten anything ?
You wore it the night we went ice skating . Remember ?
We made one heck of a team , huh ?
It is not yours ? Oh , my . How embarrassing for both of us .
Hey , you broke up with me . It is none of your business whose naked om I am smooshing around like pizza dough .
Amy .  Amy .  Amy . Hmm . Tables work , too . Good to know .
Oh , of course . Would not want to intrude . This is yours .
Nothing odd . I just wanted to rub Amy is nose in it .
Now , forgive me for eavesdropping , but as I see it , there is a simple solution .
Bring Penny to meet Mandy .
Well , right now , Penny is imagination is running wild , but if they meet , that will eliminate the mystery and alleviate her fears . Like when that Sparkletts guy let me look under his eye patch .
And we learned that you do not need an eyeball to do that .
Yes . And that is coming from me .
In Leonard ? Oh , even the Sparkletts guy could see that is unlikely .
Hello . I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper , and welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents : Fun With Flags . You may notice that I am holding a remote control . That is because my cameraperson and co host , Dr . Amy Farrah Fowler , has chosen to end her relationship with me . I am going to pause here to let that sink in . Okay . If you need to pause a little longer , just click the pause button . But the show must go on . And thankfully , all the things my girlfriend used to do can be taken care of with my right hand . Anyway , let is not spend any more time talking about her . We are here to talk about flags . Tonight is theme , flags of countries that have been torn apart and the women I have a feeling were responsible .
But enough about the Czech Republic . Let is talk about the time Moldova made Romania a birthday cake and Romania said it tasted good even though it did not . And yet Romania gets dumped . I will pause here while you mull that one over . I know , right ?
I do not know why you are so surprised . I watch movies , I see what people do .
Plane tickets and hotel reservations for a weekend away in San Francisco .
Yeah , there is Fisherman is Wharf and Alcatraz and cable cars . We are gonna have so much fun .
Is there a problem ?
You saw through that one , did you ?
She watched it . I am gonna get that girl back .
Would you pass the mustard ?
Is it that the glucosinolates which give mustard its flavour were evolved by the cabbage family as a chemical defence against caterpillars ?
Well , that was fun . Good for you , Leonard .
Well , I had hardly call this kidnapping . Where is the blindfold ? Where is the duct tape ? Where is the part where you call me and demand ransom and I try to keep you on the phone , but you hang up seconds before I can trace it and then I say I am getting too old for this crud ?
You are seriously going to get in a van and let these two take you to an unknown destination for an entire weekend ?
Oh , and how do you think you are going to get me to do that ?
It is bad enough I am being taken against my will . I do not see why it has to be in some hippie is mobile sex dungeon .
It runs on syphilis ?
No .
Yeah , and talked about physics with them .
Leonard , do not be fooled . I am from Texas , Me hi co is Spanish for Mexico .
Uh , mariachi bands , wild dogs , beans that jump around ’cause there is a worm inside .
Viva la Imodium . Ay ay ay .
Uh oh . According to this Mexican customs website , visitors may not bring more than five laser discs , 20 compact discs or 12 VHS tapes .
How can you be sure ? VHS was king when Feynman drove this van . For all we know , there are hidden compartments lousy with Jane Fonda workout vid .
Are we all up to date on our yellow fever inoculations ?
You can never be too careful . I got one last year before I went to Epcot .
It is extraordinary .
I usually do not put too much stock in charms and talismans . However , even I must admit feeling Richard Feynman is butt dent cupping my own bottom that does get the creative juices flowing .
What was that ?
What if it is banditos shooting at us ? What if we get kidnapped ? What if we end up in a factory making Bart Simpson piñatas for the rest of our lives ?
Leonard ?
I am getting too old for this crud .
If I see one scorpion , I am getting on someone is shoulders and never coming down .
Right . Archimedes once said give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it , and I shall move the world .
Everybody hold on . Let is take this problem one step at a time . First , we need to decide whether we are calling it leever or lehver . And the sooner we decide it is leever , the sooner we can roll up our sleeves , not slehves , and get to work .
Ooh , the Green Lantern is ring could make a big green hand that unscrews it .
Oh , please , the Hulk would never get across the border with that temper .
Yes , we could use science . But it is your bachelor party . Lighten up .
What if that burning food attracts animals ?
We do ?
That is not very nice .
What is that awful smell ?
What an innovative solution . Perhaps I do not give your MIT education enough credit .
All right , this rust , combined with the aluminium recovered from the van , is now thermite .
We blew up Feynman is van .
What a wonderful day , thank you .
Blue Icees and a trip to The Container Store ? It is like I died and went to the post mortem , neuron induced hallucination commonly mistaken as heaven .
Age is a state of mind , Leonard . In here I am 90 . Why are you taking your bins over there ?
What is wrong with your closet ?
So that is all this day was ? A plan to butter me up before delivering bad news ?
No , I thought we were friends . You asked for a sip of my Icee . If you had your own straw , I might have said yes .
You know what they do not sell at The Container Store ? Something large enough to contain my disappointment . Although , if anyone did , it would be them .
As my relationships with Penny and Amy are currently strained , I am turning to you for female comfort and encouragement .
I tried reaching out to my mother , but she was in Bible study . Leonard is mother is on a book tour . My Mee Maw was taking a nap , and after a while Siri started repeating her answers .
Yeah , I know , top ten , pretty exciting .
Well , in addition to Amy leaving me , Leonard is moving in with Penny . It is difficult not to feel abandoned .
Perhaps I could find someone better than Leonard . Someone I can rub in his face . Chris Pratt is all the rage right now . I wonder how he had feel about taking the smaller bedroom .
Gandalf , but he is a smoker .
Just a few more signatures , and we will be finished . Initial here to acknowledge that you have returned your key . Okay . As my future neighbour , I had like you to have a key . Initial here to acknowledge you received it .
Well , it is not like I am never going to see you two again . Which brings us to article 23 subsection C , please check here to reserve your spot at the ten year roommate reunion .
No , but if you want chicken and get stuck with the fish , that is on you . All right . Oh , and lastly , please initial here to confirm that ownership of the living room couch is hereby transferred to me in perpetuity all throughout the universe and all alternate universes except for those universes where owning a couch is forbidden by the hive queen . In which case , all glory to the hive queen . All right , now all that is left is for us to sign and date the document , and we will officially no longer be roommates .
Let me help you . L . E . O . N .
I appreciate your interest in the apartment . I just need to ask you a few standard questions .
It says here you are a chemist . Which element on the periodic table do you feel is too big for its britches ?
Looks like argon is not the only one with an attitude problem .
I was going to ask you what is the best fruit , but then I realized what I want to ask you is why is there a Band Aid on your forearm , but then I realized what I really want to ask you is just can you just go ?
But I met with 11 people , and they all walked out . And that Hollywood phoney Chris Pratt never tweeted me back .
I suppose . What happened to me , Amy ? Years ago I was completely disengaged from my feelings . I had say it was a happier time , but I was disengaged from my feelings , so who can tell ?
They did not used to be . You and Leonard and Penny , you all poisoned me with emotions . I was like the Tin Man , perfectly content until that evil wizard gave him a heart .
Fine , then I was like Pinocchio before that jerk Geppetto went and made him a real boy .
Oh , I wish I could , but I realized I have become too emotionally vulnerable , so , like an operating system , I am restoring my life to the last stable version , which was in 2003 , the day before I met Leonard .
No , just because I am living my life like it was 12 years ago does not mean I am delusional . And since it is 2003 , I do not know who you are , so please exit the premises before I call the police on my stylish new flip phone .
Hello , 2003 .
In my present , it is in the future . In your present , it is been crammed in the bedroom by an enterprising young man I met in The Home Depot parking lot .
No , what I am doing is trying to figure out how to live my life now that everyone is leaving me .
As the kids are saying today , talk to the hand .
They are in 2003 .
How can you say that ? Amy is gone , and you two are married now , so it is only a matter of time before you are gone , too .
No , I do . Eventually you will want more space , and you will move into a house , and then instead of dinner a couple of times a week , it will only be a couple of times a month , and then it will only be on special occasions , like when Bernadette divorces Wolowitz . Or , or , or like when Koothrappali is weird girlfriend admits where she buried his body . Or Amy is wedding , where she is marrying someone better than me .
But mostly here .
You can . I am happy when you come home . And I am scared of fireworks . By the way , on July Fourth , we are all sleeping here .
All right , great . Just give me one minute , and I will get started on a new roommate agreement . Yeah . nothing from Pratt , we are good .
Is that the prototype drive system for the high G rover ?
According to a recent study , simply thinking about exercise , even while sitting still , can have physical benefits . For all you know , I could be exercising right now .
Nah , I will do it tomorrow .
Had me at flag , lost me at football .
Interesting . Sword fighting does hold a certain elegant appeal . And I would imagine it meets many of our personal criteria for a sport .
No throwing , no catching , no running .
Or worse , up .
And as an added bonus , the word touché comes from fencing . It would be our only opportunity to use it in a non metaphorical sense .
Ah , touché .
Technically , swashbuckler is a combination of two terms . Swash referring to the sound of the sword . Swash . And then buckler meaning a small shield , which you do not have .
We are not afraid of physical activity .
Oh , dear .
Well , I am not sure I have a dominant leg . They are both pretty submissive .
Right . Always right .
Excuse me , Barry ?
When can I stab one of my friends ?
Uh , yes , I am aware . But if I say I want to touch one of my friends , I will get called into Human Resources .
En garde , Leonard . Prepare yourself for a rigorous touching .
I am looking forward to him teaching us glove slapping .
You know , when my honour is insulted , and I need to challenge someone to a duel by slapping them across the face with my glove .
My last physical .
Ah , this is fun .
Not that it is any of your business , but she broke up with me .
Good to know ? What is that supposed to mean ?
Well , that is unacceptable .
Yeah , but he is dumb , and his face is dumb .
You really think so ?
How dare you .
Barry , a word ?
If you intend to pursue Amy , you leave me with no choice but to put a stop to it .
By challenging you to a duel .
That is why the duel will take place at high noon , three years from today . If you are worth your salt as an instructor , I should be ready by then . Yeah , and be warned . I am going to touch you all over .
Look at this blister . Like it or not , we are athletes now . Besides , a bar is where I belong . I am having female problems .
That is ridiculous .
True , but Penny is married , and so is Bernadette . And your girlfriend has red hair and white skin , which really rubs up against my clown phobia .
There is that prostate doctor , but I am still mad at her . Oh , there is a woman . I will make her my girlfriend .
You are forgetting something . Ladies love jocks .
Excuse me . I am recovering from a recent breakup , and I am told asking out another woman might make me feel better . And as Ash Ketchum said to Pikachu , I choose you .
It is a Pokémon reference .
Well , we gave it a shot . How about you ?
Ah , what might have been . And you , give my regards to Barnum and Bailey .
I smell funny . I taste salty .
And kind of delicious . I wonder how many licks it would take to get to the centre of me .
Hello .
You do not have to leave .
I am doing all right . I tried fencing today .
It was pretty easy . And I think my background in mathletics helped . Barry Kripke was there . I should let you know that he expressed interest in asking you out .
Okay . But do not get too attached to him . in two years , 364 days , he is a dead man .
Interesting . I asked two women out today , and they both said no .
I have been told it is a good way to move on .
Thanks . And I taste good too .
Leonard , I have got terrible news .
Before I tell you , perhaps I should soften the blow . You are face is pleasingly symmetrical .
A Swedish team of physicists is trying to scoop our super fluid vortex experiment .
That kind of stinks ? Why are not you more upset ? Did I soften the blow too much ? Because this here is more like a Picasso painting .
Perform the experiment immediately .
A month ? What ? Are you kidding me ? That would have been a good time for you to soften the blow .
Thank you . Are not you sweet .
Did you know that I almost did not wear this shirt today ?
But you will not need much for that .
Not a chance .
He said be honest , so I was honest . Did not your mother tell you ? It is the best policy . So , what do you say ?
He could have softened the blow .
Leonard , if that Swedish team beats us , I will never be able to enjoy anything from their country again . Which is a shame , because Swedish meatballs are my favourite toothpick delivered meatball .
Where does he work ?
How many questions are too many questions ?
Four questions . There answer is four .
What is he say ?
Really ? You know I do not like buying things at night . January 7th , 2009 , I went to the Ralph is at 11 :30pm to pick up Cracklin’ Oat Bran for the morning and what did I see ?
That is right . And what did he do ?
It is like it was yesterday .
Of course I do . I do not want that Swedish team scooping us .
Leonard , wait . This is highly unethical .
Was she helping him with his research ?
Well , but where does he get the helium ?
Uh , but this is violating university code .
Huh . All right , do it . Tell him we are in .
I ca not find that quote on the Internet . Did you make that up ?
Are not you just made of sugar .
Oh , of course . An nondescript , white panel van . You may be familiar with it from the sentence , their bodies were found in a nondescript , white panel van .
I am Skippy . Skippy Cavanaugh .
Wait , hold on , hold on . How do we know that you are not gonna take the money and drive away ?
Exactly what 1970s television crime dramas have taught us . You give us the helium first .
Guess I am not the only one who watches ’70s television crime dramas .
Well , he is . I am a wedding planner who ca not find love himself . It is ironic , but the point is we ca not trust you . You are a sketchy character in a parking garage .
Well , I never thought of it like that . Boy , frame of reference will just sneak up on you , will not it ?
Not technically . In chess , a stalemate refers to a situation in which there are no remaining moves . Uh , you have plenty of moves available . You could beat us up and steal the money . You could kill us , you know . Really , you are only limited by your imagination .
Not necessarily . Uh , many argue the essence of a Mexican standoff is that no one can walk away from the conflict without incurring harm .
Let me give you an example . Earlier today , I decoded the headers on your e mail , and I know that your name is Kenneth Fitzgerald . From that , I figured out where you live and where you work . Now , to make this a Mexican standoff , I would say something like , uh , you give us the helium or I will turn you in to the authorities .
Yeah , exactly . See , you are getting it .
Perfect . Now we really are in a Mexican standoff . Is this one of those times where I have won the battle but lost the war ?
I told you we should not go shopping at night .
Space time can be interpreted as the surface of an n dimensional superfluid .
And I am sorry I lied about being a wedding planner who ca not find love . Although I am currently single , if you know anybody .
Did you hear that , Leonard ? There is plenty we could do about it . Do you have a card ?
Right this way , Uncle Harvey .
I am trying not to attract attention .
She said buenas noches . What was he supposed to do ?
Leonard , we should probably have our story straight in case we get caught .
Well , you ca not be sure of that . What if the helium dealer rats us out ? What if Kripke asks where we got it ? What if the university checks my family tree and finds out I do not have an Uncle Harvey ?
Uh oh .
Well , did you see this sticker ?
It is partially torn off , but the segment that remains reads property of and the letter U .
Yeah , but what if it is Property of U .S . Government ? There is a national helium reserve in Amarillo , Texas . If this was stolen from there , we are accessories to a federal crime .
That is true . There is the U .S . Air Force , U .S . Department of Defence , U .S . Navy , you and I are going to jail .
Anyway , if you could just give us our money back , you can have your helium and we will be on our way .
He has glasses and I am a know it all , we are not built for prison .
You are taking advantage of us ? We clarified nomenclature together .
I do not understand .
Well , it better not be more than a thousand dollars . That is all I have got on me .
Finally , something breaks our way .
Well , the Swedes might beat us , but at least we will not get gang noogied in prison .
It scared me straight , Leonard .
That is preposterous .
I do not like being extorted like this . Especially by him of all people .
How can you trust Wikipedia if they use between to refer to three parties ?
Or amongst , if they were feeling whimsically archaic .
Absolutely . But do not be surprised if this movie sets you on the straight and narrow .Leonard : Did you hear about this study that found people that were cool and popular at 13 have problems succeeding later in life ?
Listen to this . I just received an e mail from Wil Wheaton . Leonard Nimoy is son is working on a documentary that he started with his father before he passed away . It is about Mr . Spock and his impact on our culture .
Well , they are looking for fans to interview , and Wil thought I had be good for it .
Absolutely not . Yeah , Penny , you spent some time in front of the camera . Any words of advice ?
This is a documentary about Mr . Spock . I am sure if there is nudity , it will be tasteful .
Oh , it is nice to meet you . I admire your father is work very much . It is not every day I get to meet someone whose life is journey began in my hero is scrotum .
All right . But this better not be some elaborate scheme to get me out of my shirt .
Dr . Sheldon Cooper , theoretical physicist , Caltech .
The first episode of Star Trek : The Original Series I ever saw was The Galileo Seven . Uh , Spock had just landed on the planet Taurus II . Then my brother came in , sat on my head , and said eat farts . After that day , I was hooked . On Star Trek , not my brother is sphincter based cuisine .
I think the same thing that appeals to people everywhere , the dream of a cold , rational world entirely without human emotion . Spock came from a planet governed only by logic . You know , on Vulcan , when your brother asks , why are you hitting yourself ? the answer is , I am not . You are moving my arm . To which he says , Fascinating . And then you both watch educational television .
I have many . My most treasured is an autographed napkin given to me by my very thoughtful friend Penny . That is her over there .
Of course . Excuse me . This will just take a moment .
When there was no more room in the floor safe .
When we got the security camera .
Aquaman , protecting your home since 2012 .
Yeah . You do not have to tell me .
Not only is it signed to me but this is where he wiped his mouth . So we are currently in the presence of Leonard Nimoy is DNA .
No offence , but this is pure 100% Nimoy . Because of your mother , you are only 50% . Which is not bad , but anything that you wipe your mouth on gets thrown away .
Would not you like to know ?
All right then . See ? Just my valuables . My passport , uh , my will .
Yeah . My 1/18 scale Wil Wheaton action figure . I also have the other kind of will , and in it I will my Wil back to Wil .
Oh . That is an engagement ring that I was going to give my girlfriend Amy .
No , no . This has been in my family for generations . Except for a short time when Comanches cut off my great great great grandmother is finger and stole it .
No . The Texas Rangers tracked them down to their village and slaughtered every last one of them . It was a happy ending . Well , for my nine fingered Nana .
No . She broke up with me before I could broach the subject .
No , not at all . No , I am fine . You know , Amy had reservations about our relationship , so all worked out for the best .
Yes . Oh , for example , three years ago when I discovered Penny was eating all my Pop Tarts , instead of getting angry or vindictive , you know , I got a floor safe .
Oh , certainly . Uh , when I was eight years old , Billy Sparks cornered me in the playground . I asked myself what would Spock do ? Then I grabbed Billy on his shoulder and performed my first Vulcan nerve pinch .
Oh , no , he broke my collarbone . I can still hear it click .
Oh , not at all . As I said , the entire point of emulating Spock was to rise above human emotion , which I have spent a lifetime mastering .
Excuse me ?
No . You went pfft . What does pfft mean ?
Not true . No , look at me . I had an engagement ring to give a girl , and instead , she rejected me . And am I emotional about that ? No . No , I am sitting here on a couch , talking about my favourite TV character like nothing happened . ‘Cause I am just like him , all logical , all the time .
Because when I speak at a regular volume , no one seems to believe me that I have put this Amy nonsense behind me .
Hello .
Better . Did Wil and Adam leave ?
Do you think they are going to put my outburst in the documentary ?
Well , there is no point in dwelling on it . As the Vulcans say , Kup fun tor ha’kiv na’ish Du stau .
Well , this is ridiculous . Being upset about Amy all the time is not accomplishing anything . If I want to resolve this situation , then I need to take action .
I am going to find her and ask her to marry me . And if she says yes , we can put this behind us and resume our relationship . And if she says no , well , then she can just ponfo miran .
Yeah , right . You can just shut your feelings off . There goes television , lying to us again . We let you raise our children , and this is the thanks we get . Leonard , how could I have been so foolish to try and follow in the footsteps of a made up alien race with no emotions ?
Those are very wise words .
Oh , Dr . and Mrs . Hofstadter , lovely to see you this fine morning .
Yeah , I am indeed . I have decided , instead of wallowing in sadness about Amy , it is time that I find myself a new female companion .
I realized something . When Amy was in my life , I was hyper focused on my work and ignored her .
No , I need a new woman in my life to ignore so I can hyper focus on my work again .
On oatmeal day ?
Ooh , that is a lot of carbohydrates for a man on the prowl . You know what ? You eat it . You are married , it does not matter what you look like .
Well , it was the two of you who found Amy Farrah Fowler for me . Now that I am looking for my next girlfriend , it seemed only logical that I employ your services once again .
Oh , no , it is all right . I think of my time with Amy as a stick of Fruit Stripe gum . Sweet and enjoyable at first , but ultimately a flavourless lump of sadness .
Gentlemen .
All I am looking for is an educated , intelligent woman who shares my interests while retaining her own unique point of view . She should be kind , patient , and most important , unable to imagine life without me by ten o’clock tonight .
All right , fine , she does not need her own point of view . Now , chop chop .
Are you sure ? I have heard that on those sites , often when you think you are corresponding with someone , it is actually a computer program pretending to be a real person .
Excuse me . No one does a better job pretending to be a person than I do . Siri comes close , but I know more jokes .
Off the top of my head ? Uh , prospective women weed themselves out in a battle of wits until only one champion remains , and she shows up at my door flush with the thrill of victory , and then sits quietly by my side while I watch Daredevil .
People compete for jobs and trophies , why not me ?
And I have the soulful eyes of a cow .
Oh , we will make the puzzles extremely challenging to eliminate unworthy candidates .
That is it . The Sheldon Cooper Girlfriend Challenge is officially live .
Right now , somewhere , a woman is dividing the atomic weight of the best noble gas by the number of colours in the oldest national flag still in use .
And , taking her first step towards a lifetime of laughter , love and , best of all , rules .
Golly , she sounds too good to be true .
Someone will show .
Someone will show .
Well , by that logic , I should be with someone short , dull and needy , eh ? Not to cast aspersions , but I ca not shake a stick around here without hitting that .
One minute is a long time .
45 seconds is plenty of time for a woman to walk through that door and fall in love with me . You know , probably half that if I break out the old cow eyes .
Uh oh . What if it is Jennifer Lawrence ?
Well , that last Hunger Games was not my cup of tea .
Oh , fine , I will not shut my heart to the love of Jennifer Lawrence .
Sounds like a drama queen . Oh , no . It is Jennifer Lawrence .
All right . Can I help you ?
Yes .
Careful , it is addictive .
And just like that , you are a Klingon Sanskrit junkie .
I am a bit of a unicorn . Well , you certainly seem like a special lady , uh , but as you know , you missed the deadline , so thanks for playing .
She was late . And she found atomic spectroscopy boring . Well , I would not coitus her with your genitals .
Hey . Good news , everybody . Now that I am no longer with Amy , I have an extra ticket to the annual Thanksgiving lunch buffet at the aquarium cafeteria . Who wants it ? Well , you realize you will not be going alone , I will be there the whole time . Providing fish and pilgrim facts . Can you people hear me ?
Well , Howard , what about you ?
Well , I am calling because Thanksgiving is coming up , and I wanted to offer you the aquarium tickets .
No . They had rather spend the holiday with each other than find out of this is the year I finally touch a starfish . Anyway , I would not want the tickets to go to waste , so take whomever you had like .
And feel free to tell your guest that the Myanmar catfish is also known as the pilgrim fish . In case the turkey is dry and you need something juicy .
You do not think that will be awkward ?
Very well , then . I will see you on Thanksgiving morning .
Oh , and forget what I said about the Myanmar catfish . My list of marine themed pilgrim facts is pretty short .
And there goes my list .
Hello .
I am . You know , and in an effort to reduce awkwardness as we learn how to function as friends , I printed out a list of safe topics for polite conversation .
If there were a list of things that make me more comfortable , lists would be on the top of that list . Okay , now , oh , since last we spoke , have you acquired any pets ?
No . Um , since last we spoke , have you planned or gone on any vacations ?
Mm . Your aunt in Modesto ?
Bakersfield . I see . Where has this list been all my life ?
and then the next day was 73 degrees , and the day after that was 72 , and then it was 72 again , uh , then it was 74 , and that brings us to today , at I had wear shorts if I had a pair . 78 .
I do not know if I had call it discussing . You kind of sat back and let me do all the work . Let is see , what is next on the list . Oh , uh , do you whittle , and if so , what kind of knife do you use .
All right . Well , what should we talk about ?
Very well . I know you have been seeing other men . Have you had coitus with any of them ?
I am sensing things have gotten awkward .
All right .
Just a few .
How many dates have you been on ? Who were they with ? Where had you go ? Where did you meet them ? Did you sleep with them ? And how much longer to the aquarium ? I am getting kind of hungry .
Is that regular or honey nut ?
You mixed them . No wonder gentleman callers are pounding down your door . Do you have any questions for me ?
I am .
I believe you . I had believe you more if you threw a few Apple Jacks in here .
You know , for a Thanksgiving buffet in an aquarium cafeteria , that was really bad .
They gave one to that baby . He was not even awake .
Oh . Would you care to play an ocean themed game I invented ?
It is called Food , Friend , Fight . One of us chooses three aquatic creatures , and the other one must decide which he would eat , befriend , or battle .
What is that ?
Well , my game is better , ’cause instead of marrying someone , you get to eat them .
I will start you off easy . Electric eel , pufferfish , shrimp .
Very well done .
Well , I had befriend SpongeBob but he is not real , so I ca not do that , can I ?
Hey , let is not pull at that thread . Okay . I will fight SpongeBob , because he is so friendly we will just end up tickling each other . Um , I will befriend the seal , because he is trainable , which is the problem I am having with my current friends . Which means I will have to eat the hagfish .
I know . It makes its own gravy , it will slide right down .
How can you miss a game you have never played before , silly ?
Me , too . It is comforting to know that she and I are able to function as friends .
Oh , I am sure you and Leonard will be able to pull it off .  Oh . It is my friend Amy . Hello .
Did you have a nice time ?
Well , I ca not take all the credit . It was pretty funny when that one anchovy started going the wrong way .
Oh . I thought we were just friends .
Amy , I excel at many things , but getting over you was not one of them . I think I need to just be your friend .
Good . Oh , I watched a video of the hagfish producing mucus , so I am gonna change my answer and eat SpongeBob . Sheldon Cooper is descent into madness , day two . It is 2 :25 a .m , and I feel the urge to urinate . My normal urination time is 7 :10 a .m , but here I am , in the middle of the night , struggling to keep my mind sharp and my pajamas dry . It is only a matter of time before my tenuous grasp on reality fades . I suppose I should pee while I still know what a toilet is .
What are you talking about ?
Are you sure ? Sometimes when my brain really gets moving , it makes noise .
Let is see . Hey , I was humming . One point for Hufflepuff . What song is that ?
I feel like I know what song that is , but I ca not put my finger on it .  My country , ’tis of thee . No .
Okay .  R E S P E C T . No .
Well , I am not everybody . I have an eidetic memory . I should be able to remember what song this is , but I ca not . Something is wrong with me .
I was always afraid this day would come . This might be the first step of my descent into madness , where I gradually test the limits of public nudity .
There was a project I have been thinking about starting .
I will show you .  Dear Crazy Future Sheldon , you were driven mad by an earworm . Your mind , once your most trusted asset , is now a sack of parrots and monkeys . So , I am going to tell you everything you need to know . Uh , first , music is dangerous . The movie Footloose tried to warn us , but we would not listen . Oh , wait .  Everyody cut footloose . Nope .
This is Penny . She is your friend . If she offers you food , it is safe to take it . You probably paid for it , anyway .
Dear Crazy Future Sheldon , this is a thermostat . It controls the temperature of the apartment . The ideal setting is 72 degrees . If you find this too cold , then put on a jacket . A straitjacket , ’cause 72 is the best and you are crazy . Now , this is your spot . You are very protective of it . When anyone else tries to sit here , you berate them relentlessly . It sounds mean , but somehow you make it adorable . People are also delighted by your love of pranks . For example , Leonard has no idea what I did to his coffee . It was not replace it with Folger is crystals , I will tell you that much .
This is Leonard . He is your best friend in the world .
Sometimes he gets cranky , but you can trust him with your life . And he does more things for you than I can even begin to list .
Oh , no , he is drinking it .
Bah , bam , bum bum , bah , bum , bum . This song is never going to stop . Have you ever dealt with something so relentlessly irritating ?
Well , I should not be surprised . There is a rich history of brilliant minds descending into madness .
Empedocles thought he was a god and jumped into a volcano . And Pythagoras had an irrational fear of beans . Tesla fell madly in love with a pigeon who he claimed loved him back .
The list extends outside of science . Painters like Van Gogh and Pollock , chess champion Bobby Fischer , Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys .  I remember the song . It is called Darlin’ by the Beach Boys . Oh , thank goodness . I am not crazy . I do not have to take a pigeon as my bride .
I wonder why it was this particular song that was stuck in my head .
They have beach right in the name . What do you think ?
Of course . I am already seeing a more efficient way of taming the ultravi… I know why the song was in my head .
It is about Amy .
It is about how she made my life better . Consider the lyrics . I was living like half a man . Then I could not love , but now I can . More soul than I ever had . I love the way you soften my life .”
Yes . She is like the dryer sheets of my heart . I have to go .
Amy ?  Amy ?  Amy ?
I do not care . Amy , there was a song I could not get out of my head . Eventually , I realized the song was about you , and like that earworm , I ca not get you out of my heart . So , what I am trying to say is , you are my heartworm . The metaphorical kind , not , not the poodle killing kind .
I am , I am sorry ; I did not realize you were on a date .
Amy , if you want to be my girlfriend again , I really want to be your boyfriend .
Good . Because I love you .
Well , I will let you get back to your date .
What ?
The Web site is frozen . I ca not get in .
All right , this goes against everything I stand for , but desperate times call for desperate measures . Lord , this is Sheldon Cooper . You are good friends with my mom . I know I have spent my life denying that you exist .
And I will continue to do so !
Oh , thank you .
Hey , Thursday ca not get here soon enough . I am taking off work to watch the original trilogy while I eat enough Star Wars cereal to choke a Wookiee .
And you do realize I bought my ticket when Amy and I were broken up ? I hope you did not need anything in that case , ’cause it is closed .
But someone might spoil the movie . No one can spoil Amy is birthday for me . Surprise , she is even older . Who saw that coming ?
Arthur , what brings you back ?
In the past , you have come to me when I am struggling with a dilemma .
Well , my friends are telling me I should not abandon my girlfriend on her birthday to see the new Star Wars movie .
Those are the robes of the Jedi , the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy .
So , you agree with my friends that I should skip the premiere ?
Yes . But she knows how important Star Wars is to me .
By seeing the movie she had want me to see ?
You are right .
Where are you going ?
I wanted to let you know I will be spending your birthday with you .
See , I , I had tickets to the Star Wars premiere that night , but Professor Proton came to me in a dream dressed as Obi Wan Kenobi and convinced me I should be with you .
I will , I will let you get back to sleep now . Good night .
It is late . Got to go . Bye .
Hello .
No , I ca not . I need to make preparations for Amy is birthday . Which leads me to the following bit of business . This is my ticket to Star Wars . I do not have to tell you it is worth far more than its face value of fifteen dollars and fifty cents . I trust you will give it to someone worthy .
Bernadette .  Bernadette .  Bernadette .
Keep it up . I got nowhere else to be .
For future reference , if I want to watch Mean Girls , I will stream it on Netflix .
Well , as you know , I will be celebrating Amy is birthday with her , and I could use your assistance in helping me select the perfect gift .
Well , so far , I have come up with three ideas . The first is a chance for her to play the harp with the L .A . Philharmonic .
Well , I said a chance , you know . When you tell them it is your birthday at Bennigan is , they make a fuss . I do not see why the Philharmonic would be any different .
Well , Amy enjoys knitting her own sweaters , so I was thinking of getting her an all expense paid trip to the Wisconsin Sheep and Wool Festival .
No , no , no , no . She had be going alone . Well , if you think I am afraid of birds , you should see me around sheep .
That I have coitus with her .
Which do you think she had prefer ? Because I checked the Sheep and Wool Festival Web site , and there is only 8 ,000 tickets left .
Intimacy in any form has been challenging for me , but I had like to show her how important she is , and it feels like now might be the right time .
Then it is settled . Amy is birthday present will be my genitals .
You are back .
I suppose you are here because I have decided to be physical with my girlfriend , and I have never done that before .
So , can you help me ?
Oh , no . Not that . I , I understand the mechanics .
I think they say junk .
This is an important night for us , and I am worried I might be overwhelmed and ruin everything .
Thank you , Arthur . You are the wisest of the wise .
Oh , sure . Well , you are fun to look at .
Birthday girl .  Birthday girl .  Birthday girl .
Oh .
Hello . Sorry I am late . I also got you a balloon , but it floated away , and I chased it for a while .
Okay . Ooh , this is different , hmm ? Candles and music .
It is kind of spooky .
No , no , no . It is your birthday . As long as no one jumps out in a hockey mask , I will be fine .
I thought I could take you out to a nice birthday dinner . If we pick a place east of here , we might find the balloon .
Oh . All right . Um . I should probably tell you something about this gift .
Yes . May I ask you a question before I give it to you ?
Why are we saying give it to you like that ?
I see . Is that all right ? I am sorry , but this is a litigious society . I am gonna need verbal consent .
You know what , let me pull a quick contract off the Internet .
Hello .
All right . Hello .
Why are you shaking ? Are you cold ?
Why ?
Neither do I . But we can find out together .
Well , I enjoyed that more than I thought I would .
I look forward to your next birthday when we do it again .
Arthur . What are you doing here ? I , I do not think I need any more advice .
Oh . It was amazing . I , I saw it a few days later . What a movie .
Oh . Uh , uh , she liked it fine . But she does not have the history with the franchise I do .
I am glad to see you made it safely . How is your hotel ?
I know how you feel . The Best Buy by my house is only the third best Best Buy . They have the best buys , but having the best buys is not the only thing that makes a Best Buy the best Best Buy .
Mm , that is a great question . I like when they are next to a Chipotle .
All right . Enjoy the neurobiology conference .
At a neurobiology conference ? What a mean thing to say .
Aw , you always know just what to say after I tell you what to say .
Bye . Oh , good news , gentlemen . Amy is at a conference this weekend , which means I am available to be entertained , hmm . As today is youth might put it , who wants to get their Sheld on ?
That sounds awful . Raj ?
That is the one to beat . Leonard ?
Well , then it looks like we have a winner . Congratulations .
Uh , stop selling it , kid . You won .
A doctor ? Well , I hope you are not contagious . I have got a weekend in the telescope room I have been excited about for almost three minutes .
Sexual insecurity .
Kind of a wuss .
Still has not bought milk even though I told him two days ago .
What are you doing ?
Hmm . What are you doing now ?
Oh , I see . How about now ?
Well , I can be helpful . Give me something to do . You know , my father took me to work once , and in ten minutes I figured out who had been stealing from the cash register . It was my father . Yeah , Dad lost his job , but Mr . Hinckley gave me a Fudgsicle .
Yep , I am on it . Hey , look at that , an Indian guy outsourcing a computer job to a white fella .
Found one .
But , look , an optical transient .
It was not difficult . You know how when you see prime numbers , they appear red , but when they are twin primes , they are pink and smell like gasoline ?
Oh . I guess I am a special boy . You know , sometimes when a boy is special , he gets a Fudgsicle . Which , by the way , tastes like the speed of light .
Ooh , perhaps it is a Heliosheath scintillation .
Maybe it is a new planet .
Well , as long as it has a healthy gravity and all its moons , I will be happy .
Come on , Daddy needs a livable planet he can rule with an iron fist .
That is it ? How common . That is the chicken fingers on the menu of space .
Yeah , me , too . I was stuck for a metaphor .
I suppose it could end up on a collision course with Earth and destroy life as we know it .
It is kind of cute .
We better choose a name no one can make fun of . Sir Frederick William Herschel did not do Uranus any favours .
That is a great idea . I have got it . We will call it Cooper .
Koo from Koothrappali and per from Cooper .
Nah , you are right , that is dumb .
Oh , Leonard , great news . We discovered a medium sized asteroid together .
Okay . Guess we are gonna talk about you now .
Okay , back to me . I discovered an asteroid , and now I get to name it .
Now , this is not about us , this is about what is best for the asteroid .
I have not settled on anything yet .
All right , way to go , Cat Poster . You hang in there .
It is perfect . It appears romantic , but it is really just a rock in space that gets me out of Valentine is Day forever .
I like it . Yeah , we will take the A M from Amy and , uh , the Y from Emily .
Exactly . See how well we work together ?
Good news . You are an asteroid .
Perhaps I should explain . While working with Koothrappali , we discovered an asteroid , and I named it after you .
Well , it took a little negotiating , but I wore him down . Uh , we get the asteroid , and if you and I have children , they all have to be named Rajesh .
Even the girls .
I miss you as well .
Oh , hello , everyone . I am happy to report I am feeling much better .
My fever is gone , my sinuses are pressure free , and my mucus is as clear as a Yosemite waterfall .
I will be able to return to work tomorrow .
Well , why is not everyone happy ? Your little ray of sunshine is ready to beam again .
No . But I knew that his yay was sarcastic . Not bad for a guy whose last bowel movement sounded like rain on a roof .
Oh , sure , grope every other male on the planet , but draw the line with me .
I hope laughter is the best medicine , ’cause this care package is a joke .
She is a dermatologist .
Well , in that case , try removing the irritating patch of brown skin standing next to you .
Leonard , I am dying .
I asked for chicken noodle . This is chicken and stars . It is killing me .
Hello .
Physically , yes , but I am upset because everyone is mad at me for no good reason .
You know how , when you are sick , you are allowed to be cranky and say whatever you want and other people is feelings do not matter ?
I had a hundred and one fever . If that is not a time to verbally abuse my loved ones , when is ?
You stayed in Michigan all week to avoid being around me ?
You know , I am not the only one who is unpleasant when they are sick . When Penny got food poisoning , she threw up so loudly I could barely hear the television .
Oh , where are we going ?
Ugh , Atlantic City without the taffy ? No , thank you .
Well , now , well , that is hurtful .
I can consider a place America is urinal cake and still enjoy the occasional visit .
Oh , fine . Then I will just hang out with Wolowitz .
Well , then Raj and I will…
Very well . Stuart .
Ugh . Stuart .
Our friends are jerks , and I am mad at all of them .
Can you believe they planned a trip to Las Vegas and did not invite me ?
You know , I liked it better when there was still a little mystery left in our relationship .
I ca not believe you are not on my side . I was on your side when someone stole your car radio .
I do not know . A music loving hobo with a heart of gold ?
Fine , if that is what it takes to go on their dumb trip .
I have empathy . Watch . Leonard made me soup , and I was mean to him .
Fine . Leonard made me soup , and I was mean to him . Hey , I felt a little something . Let me try again . Leonard made me soup , and I was mean to him . I was mean to him . He must have felt terrible . Oh , now I feel terrible . Neat .
Now let me see you feel bad for lying and staying in Detroit longer than you needed to .
Hey , we are both great at this .
Hey , if you did not know Bruce Willis was dead the whole time , that is not on me . Okay . Here it comes . You tried to take care of me when I was sick , and I was mean to you . There is no excuse for that . And I am truly sorry .
I want you to know that that is sincere . I do feel bad . I am not just saying it to be included on your trip .
Terrific . Now all that is left is for you to invite me to come , me to ask are you sure , you to say absolutely , and then me to bring it home with , how could I say no to that face ?
What ? I apologized and I meant it . I know that we do not play this game very often , but you are doing it wrong .
Well , all right . What if I apologize to all of them ?
Challenge accepted . Sounds like it is time for the Sheldon Cooper Apology Tour .
My goodness , do you remember comes with apsparagus ?
No , no , no , wait . I am not done . Allow me to underscore my sentiment with a haunting rendition of Brenda Lee is I am Sorry played on the pan flute .
All right , that is eight hours of practice down the drain . And to memorialise this occasion , here are your commemorative T shirts .
I am afraid it ca not . The trip is tomorrow . And I have more apologies to make .
Wonderful . would you mind holding up this shirt while I take a quick… ?
And I want you to know that I mean it , you know ? This is not me just wanting to go on the trip to Las Vegas .
The one everyone is taking this weekend on the party bus .
That would be my understanding . On a less painful subject , what size T shirt do you take ?
And , Emily , I am sorry for saying dermatologists are not real doctors . And I am sure you are tired of hearing that .
Well , I would imagine when your job is popping zits and squirting Botox into old lady faces…
I believe I can answer that . Uh , like me , Raj is demonstrating empathy . Now , why do not you accept my apology receive your free T shirt , uh , I hope extra small is okay . For some reason Wolowitz took a medium .
Point of clarification , are you still going on the trip ? Because if not…
I caused that fight , I feel terrible . Wait , I can do that better . I caused that fight . I feel terrible . Yeah , wow , I do not know which one I like more .
No . As a fight , it was excellent . She used harsh language and slammed the door . Although as I say this , that might not have been what you were asking .
All I know is after the fight I went to Emily is to smooth…
Look at him , caring about what is wrong with me . That is some top shelf empathy . Hey , well , we should start a club .
That is true . Well , I suppose I should apologize again .
Well , that is fine , because I have decided that I will not be joining you . I have realized that the most genuine way to demonstrate the remorse I feel is to let you have this weekend to yourselves .
Well , I have been on a little trip myself recently . Not to Sin City but to Sincere City . Where instead of genital warts , the only growth you will come back with is personal growth .
Aha .
My plan was to jump out at the state line , but one of my nose plugs fell into the toilet .
Before you do , please give me one more chance to apologize to Emily .
Emily , as I am sure you know , I am considered an odd fellow . But what you do not know is that , while I often say the wrong thing , in my heart I mean well . I think that you are a smart and wonderful woman , you know ? And we all think that you can do better than Koothrappali .
So , for all the times I have offended you and all the times that I will offend you in the future , I am sorry .
Good . Then I will be leaving now .
Oh , that is very kind of you . But I am sure you will all have a better time without me . Let is go , Stuart .
Stuart , now .
That is me . Bye , Stuart .
Here is a fun Postal fact . The inner side of our mailbox is under federal jurisdiction . So , if you broke my right thumb , that is Pasadena city police . But if you broke my left thumb , that is the FBI .
Oh , I got a letter from my Meemaw . Umm . Smell this .
Uh , roses , bengay , and Dr . Scholls’ foot powder .
Uh , thank you . Oh , Meemaw got a new set of teeth . Oh , but then she found her old ones . Oh , so now the new ones are just gonna be her church teeth .
Oh , my goodness , she is coming to visit !
Oh , you are going to love her . She is the kindest , sweetest woman you will ever meet . Unless you are a gopher digging up her vegetable garden . In that case , you can expect to have your head bashed in with a shovel .
And that is not helpful . You know , I got her an iPhone for Christmas . I will see where she is .
Oh , no , she does not even know she has it . No , I had my sister slip it in her bag so that I can track her like a sea turtle .
Uh , for the hundredth time , I smelled kettle corn and could not find the cart .
Meemaw . I am so happy to see you .
Oh . You got even smaller . I love it . Uh , Meemaw , this is Leonard . Leonard , this is my Meemaw .
No . Oh , no . Now you call her Constance . I call her Meemaw . You have your own Meemaw . It is not my fault she died when you were four .
It is not , Meemaw . Sorry , Leonard .
Are you comfortable ?
You were so cute , huffin’ and puffin’ . There is Amy . I just know you are gonna hit it off . You both have the same fashion sense . Hello . Come in , say hi to my Meemaw .
Yeah . And you never will . Ooh , hey , oh , ask her to do the tissue thing . Do it , ask her .
Is not that the best ? She is like Grandma Spider Man .
Oh , well , you two sit down and get to know each other . I will get your room ready .
If I did , would I find any ?
That is a risk I am willing to take .
A Texas Special cattle and calf car train set with authentic horn and bell . Thank you , Meemaw .
Amy , why do not you look excited ? Well , you get to watch me play with this .
Here you go , Meemaw . I made it just how you like , a lot in a glass .
And I call her Meemaw because , well , just , well , look at her .
How could it ? I never told you , and you never bothered to ask .
Yeah .
Well , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . You have to like each other . Well , we have a 4 :30 reservation at Applebee is .
But why ? Other than you two fighting , we are having such a good time .
Yes .
My mother gave it to me , and I had been thinking about giving it to you , but then we broke up .
Oh , I do not think I could do that .
I am gonna opt out of that one , too .
All right , all right , look , l , let is all , let is remain calm and analyse this situation . Now , I realize that you have only known each other for less than a day , but is it possible this crankiness is because your cycles have synced ?
Thank you . I am gonna go next door and play with Leonard .
Leonard and Penny .  Leonard and Penny .  Leonard and Penny .
No . They asked me to leave so they could speak privately .
Yeah , I know . It was quite tense . So here is the million dollar question , uh , who wants to pop over there and get my trains ?
No , I would not .
Hello .
Meemaw , look , I am sorry , but I have to defend my girlfriend to you .
Oh , great , now you are gonna get emotional . I always looked up to you and Pop Pop . I , I know what a challenging man he could be , but I saw you stand by him and and make him into a better person .
Yeah , well , that is exactly what I have been doing the last five years with this little work in progress .
Well…
Yes .
Thank you .
I just gave you my virginity , woman . Cool your jets .
Gentlemen .
If any of you are looking for something to do on Valentine is Day , Amy and I will be streaming our first ever live episode of Fun With Flags . You are welcome to join us as we celebrate the timeless love affair between wind and flapping fabric .
Not a clue . Raj ?
You know , uh , once I ordered an Uber by accident . I just got in and went somewhere .
I am nervous . I hope people will be around to watch even though it is Valentine is Day .
Oh , and speaking of Valentine is Day , I have not forgotten about you tonight .
Well , you have become such an integral part of my life as well as this show , I felt it only right to include your name in the title .
So from now on , this program will be officially known as Dr . Sheldon Cooper and Dr . Amy Farrah Fowler present Dr . Sheldon’ Cooper is Fun With Flags .
Uh , hello and welcome to a special live edition of Dr . Sheldon Cooper…
It is also my gift to you . That was clear , right ? ‘Cause you are not getting anything else .
Allow us to answer a few quick ones that we get all the time . Uh , uh , yes , I really am a doctor . Uh , yes , she really is my girlfriend .
You know what , that is not a flag question . Next caller .
Yeah , you know what is not normal ? Blubbering about emotions during a flag show . Unless that emotion is excitement over New Zealand changing their flag . Yeah , good luck , you crazy Kiwis , we are rooting for you .
I suppose that could be a legitimate concern in a relationship . Uh , perhaps even a , a red flag . And speaking of red flags , check out this sexy number from the former Soviet Union . Hubba , hubba .
Please , all comments and questions should be flag related .
I do not see why not .
Speaking of ending relationships , when British Honduras became Belize , they designed a new flag with a tree on it , and I would like to hang myself from that tree .
And actually , it was three different men .
Well , you know , here is something that might cheer you up . The flag of the Isle of Man is nothing but three legs sharing a weird pair of underpants , so you think you got problems .
All right . Nothing about this is fun . No one wants to talk about flags , and I have not spoken in over ten minutes , so , enjoy your new show , Internet . Dr . Amy Farrah Flower present with .
Fine . If you insist on making me a part of this , yes , I knowledge how painful they can be . However , pain has an evolutionary purpose . It provides information from the environment that , uh , behaviour is not good for us .
Raj , now , I am sorry you are suffering . When Amy and I were broken up , I also suffered . And this may sound surprising , but I am grateful for having gone through it .
Yes . I believe our relationship now is stronger than ever .
When , when we were apart , I learned how important you are to me . And I realize that when two people are in love , sometimes they…
I stand corrected . Fun .
Did you know the singular of confetti is confetto ?
Oh , I heard about that . Why did not you discover it ?
Well , you be sure to let us know when you win the Nobel Prize for boysenberry .
Hello .
Oh , no .
Because this changes everything . What about comic book night ? Uh , what about playing games together ? What about our trips to Disneyland ? How can we do those things with a child around ?
Oh , dear lord , Penny is pregnant , too ?
Oh , really ? Okay , well , would a baby have to shave once every 11 days ?
I guess we will call this a draw .
Not to mention the impact on our social circle . Everything is going to change . Howard will not be able to come over as much .
Oh , but then we had have to baby proof the apartment . You know , my sister has one of those toilet locks in her bathroom . I have two doctorates , I still had to go in the sink .
All get vasectomies so this does not happen to us ?
And can keep a small portion of their heads dry .
Forget helium . The real superfluid is the fruit punch in this mug . Reminds me of my daddy is secret do not tell mama juice .
Oh . I will just take one last sip . Ah .
This place is terrific . Why . why have we never been here before ?
That is some smart talk from a guy who ca not even keep his face in focus . Where is the bathroom ?
Excuse me . Hey , how you doin’ ?
You guys , the bathroom here is amazing . There is people cooking in it .
Oh , wait , I found something .
This video . The baby panda sneezes , and the mama panda gets so scared .
All right . Look , now , this may be the rum talking , but as long as the unpinning rate of the vortices is kept within 1 .1 and 1 .3 , the Magnus force issue should be negligible .
And stronger . Who wants to see me beat up the bartender ?
Nah , she is a good kid .
Of course he is right . You and I both know how hard it is growing up without a father . That is why I am confident you are gonna be the best dad you can be .
You are welcome . And if he has twins , we can do all kinds of neat experiments on them .
Wonderful . I am being musically encouraged to bust a move . If I knew what that meant , I might just do it .
A microphone , a room full of inaccurate depictions of Polynesian religion , and a captive audience to hear about it ? You bet I am .
You are kidding . What kind of maniacs have coitus in someone else is bedroom ?
Will you guys keep it down ?Amy : So Sheldon , there is something I have been wanting to talk about but I know it is kind of a touchy subject .
What is it ?
Oh , I suppose that is a discussion we could have .
Surprise .
Just one example of how birthdays can be terrible . Now , can we please drop this subject and pick a new one ? I suggest how thick can a soup get before it becomes a stew ? You know , the answer , it may surprise you .
Please , look at this porcelain skin . I am like a human sink .
Fine . As you know , I have a twin sister with whom I obviously share a birthday . Every year we had have a party . No one I invited would ever come , because they did not like me .
Oh , that part was not so bad . I did not like them , either . But then I had inevitably spend the whole day being tortured by my sister is friends .
When I was six , they told me Batman was coming to my party . I waited by the door for hours . Closest thing to Batman I saw was when a robin flew into the window .
I do , but why do you care if I celebrate my birthday at all ?
Very well . You may celebrate my life by throwing a party with cake , presents and a shower of admiration and love . But then you owe me big time .
Uh , Mylar balloons , yes . Latex balloons , no . Water balloons , I will jump off the roof and aim for your car .
I enjoy marching bands and Tibetan throat singing .
Well , my favourite is chocolate with strawberry frosting , three layers , and if there is writing on it , make sure it is not all caps . I do not need my dessert yelling at me .
Is there a reason I had to leave my own apartment ?
But who is gonna tell them they are doing it wrong ?
Oh . Thank you .
But this is my birthday suit . Are you having a stroke ? Because that is the kind of thing that just ruins a birthday party .
I am . Oh . Wait .
No , I just , I got a little light headed .
No . No , if I can walk past that pet shop with the parrot in the window , I suppose I can do this .
Uh , um , uh , thank you all so much for coming . Beverly . Wil Wheaton . Adam West , for some reason .
Thank you . This is all so thoughtful . Excuse me .
How do you know I am not using the facilities ?
I do not know . I looked around the room , and I saw all the faces and the presents , and it , it was just too much .
I know that you worked hard to put this together . I am sorry I am ruining it .
I do not think I can go back out there .
Based on this pep talk , I had say you are still doing it .
Well , everyone will think I am weird .
Hello , everyone . I , I had like to apologize for my behaviour . I hope it has not put a damper on the party . So , please , enjoy yourselves . Oh , this is quickly getting out of hand .
Wolowitz , perfect . Everyone listen to Wolowitz .
Little generic . Keep thinking . We will circle back . Wil Wheaton , go .
And it was Sheldon Cooper who said let is speed this up . A lot of people want to talk .
Oh . Oh , now , you know I hate change . Say it .
Thank you , Bernadette . That was perfect .
Thank you .
Professor Hawking .
Thank you so much . I ca not believe you are…
Oh , you are singing . Well , I am sorry .
You know , I used to hate these hugs . Now they are just extremely irritating .
I have never applied for a patent before . I wanted to make a good impression .
Yeah , well , you are an engineer . End of joke , burn .
That is great .
Get a load of this guy .
That is outrageous . This is our idea based on our research . How can you possibly justify owning a majority share ?
I know when I am beat .
Well , that is not fair . We should all get plaques .
Couple of questions about the plaque .
Great , so they own my idea for a T shirt that says Dumb as a Bag of Geologists .
To be clear , Leonard is referring to the gyroscope , not the T shirt and mugs . Oh , now they own the mugs .
I am fine with that .
It sounds like a , uh , contract might be in order .
But which one of us should be the party who…
So stipulated .
I will say it looks good . It is in my proprietary font , Shelvetica .
You bet I did .
Excuse me . I have been drafting contracts since kindergarten . Did not need a lawyer to get me out of finger painting . Do not need one now .
Hey , Leonard .
If she does not think that we should apply for this patent , she is being patently absurd .
Okay , you got it . See , I was afraid it was a thinker .
I wonder what they are talking about .
Hello .
Are you suggesting a limited liability corporation ? ‘Cause I did not L L see that coming .
Well , I believe I am treating you generously . That is why I have stipulated in the contract that your contributions to our invention are as valuable as my own .
No , I am not saying that , because I kept saying that this morning and Leonard said stop saying that .
Oh , please . Any contract I sign is enforced by my own personal code of ethics .
Yeah , that , too . And scoot over . Part of your shadow is on my spot .
I will add it right now . Oh , baby , it is addendum time .
The , the revisions I made start on page four .
Do you still like cilantro ?
You are tying my hands here .
Oh , I have always valued education over money . And the very fact that you needed a written guarantee of respect made me realize how dismissive I have been of your contributions .
And I just hope that this scholarship can rescue your child from the subpar education and menial life of an engineer .
What ? I did not sign it yet .
Uh , can you repeat that ? You are breaking up .
Ah . Yeah , I had to get a little creative because the S , R and M keys on my laptop stopped working .
So , is that a yes ?
Oh , but I like this computer .
I am sorry , I did not get that .
The sound is cutting out . I ca not read that . The video is failing .
What ?
What ?  Hello ?
You are too late .
You got emotional when that lab monkey died .
Great . Now I am gonna have that song in my head all day .
How could you do that ?
Choosing a new laptop Is an incredibly personal ritual . You have taken away weeks of agonizing thought , tedious research , sleepless nights filled with indecision . I , have not I lost enough today ?
Oh , oh , the guy . Oh , pardon me . I did not realize you had spoken to the guy . Yeah , tell me , did the guy choose one with a 4K display and a Thunderbolt port ?
Yeah ? Did the guy make sure that this has a one terabyte solid state drive ?
Yeah ? Oh , well , was this guy Rick from Computer Solutions on Colorado ?
Yeah , well , he does know his stuff .
I suppose I should set this up . Or would you like to rob me of that , too ?
You would not .
Fine . I am sorry . Thank you for the thoughtful gift . I really do appreciate it . As you know , I had become attached to my old laptop . But I am sure , in time , that this one will… Jeepers creepers , that started up fast .
Look at the 4K resolution . Next time we Skype , I am gonna count all those nostril hairs .
But you only have two eyes . You got a lot of nostril hairs .
Oh . I am .
Oh . Uh , no , no , no , thank you .
Well , no , I just , I , I do not want to recycle it . And I do not want store credit .
Can we please change the subject ?
I am not being weird . I , it is hard to explain .
It might be easier to show you .
We had have to take your car .
And I am gonna need you to sign a non disclosure agreement .
Sorry , you are on a need to know basis .
Right .
No , I meant turn right , and you missed it . Maybe you do need to know .
Just wait .
Just wait .
Just wait . You know what ? Actually , yes , thank you . Welcome to my Fortress of Shame .
It is basically everything I have ever owned . Um , every book , every tee shirt , every piece of broken electronics . Just all of it .
I have a Ziploc bag filled with all my old Ziploc bags .
In here is every clock radio I have ever owned . Calculators , VHS tapes . Yeah . Oh . Sporting equipment .
Well , oh , it is just a , it is a , a golf ball that my brother threw at my head . You can still feel the dent . It is right next to the hockey puck dent .
I used to collect them as a child . The spiral of scales open in the Fibonacci sequence . A fact that , when you tell your brother , gets a golf ball thrown at your head .
I had like to say it is nostalgia , but every time I think of throwing anything away , my ears start to ring , and I get butterflies in my stomach . And then it feels like the butterflies get eaten by rats , and then the , the rats get eaten by…
It ends with dinosaurs . I am sorry if you think less of me .
Really ? ‘Cause every time I come in here , I think less of me .
Because I am a fraud . No . I purport to be a man of the mind . I have been such a , a vocal champion of the singularity , but how can I leave my body behind and become one with the internet when I have never even thrown a toothbrush away ?
Like what ?
I have an old teddy bear I secretly wiped my nose on for years .
Only you .
What good is having a girlfriend if you ca not unload your psychological sewage on her ?
Thank you . I would not even know how to begin .
I suppose I could try getting rid of the golf ball .
I will always have the dent to remember it by .
Actually , yes . I do .
Thanks .
Oh , I feel closer to you , too . You know , it is still a couple of hours until my bedtime .
Yes , but it is like you are right here in the room .
But I feel like I could reach out and touch you .
It is nice to get back to nature . Why do not I do this more often ? What a beautiful forest . Hello , little butterfly . What is your Na oh !
I was enjoying some virtual reality , until you ruined it with your actual face .
Oh , it is car air freshener . I was simulating the smell of the forest .
Well , how would I know ?
Hmm ? Oh . Amy showed me a compelling study that demonstrated the cognitive benefit of spending time in the wilderness .
Well , make your jokes , but some of the participants who spent four days in the woods away from all technology reported a fifty percent gain in reasoning skills upon their return .
You may need this more than I do .
Oh . Do not sneak up on a guy when he is sitting on a log .
Look , I am sorry , when did you even get here ? I…
Excuse me . Here , look up fun , get back to me .
I hardly think so . You be sure and say hello to all the mosquitoes , bees , bears , snakes , possums , poison oak , oh , and last , but not least , teenagers with guitars .
Are you trying to manipulate me ?
Well done , it worked , we are going .
I am ready to go .
Thanks .
Well , cell service is down to one bar , so if anyone needs medical attention or to tell a stranger their political views are stupid , now is the time .
Once . The battery ran out on my phone . I had to wait for my iPad to turn on .
Okay . Well , shall we check each other for ticks ?
Oh . Well , suit yourself . Who wants to check me ?
Oh , not our hike , now we have to stay safe and warm .
Eh , most of the Jenga pieces are missing and the Scrabble only has seven tiles , so unless you want to build an unimpressive structure with the word shnerpf next to it , move on .
Ah , it is basic thermodynamics . I am sure we can figure that out .
That would maximize oxygen for optimal combustion .
Oh , well now , we will never win . You always play the drinking game .
Hey , now , wait . Have we started ? Do I drink ? What is happening ?
So I drink .
Got it .
I ca not believe Penny has not .
Well , I am not proud of it , but I jaywalked .
No , I crossed in the middle of the street . And normally , I would not , but I saw an aggressive looking Girl Scout , and it was the heart of cookie season . Anyway , there was a police officer , and he witnessed the whole thing .
No , he did not do anything . So I said , you just saw me jaywalk , why are not you doing your job ? You know ? May , maybe I should arrest you for , for impersonating a police officer .
Oh , and how .
Amy .
All right , my turn . Mm . Oh , I know . Never have I ever kept a secret bank account , because I think my wife ca not handle money . Did I win ? I feel like I won .
I am calling it . I won .
Oh , never have I ever drunk milk past its expiration date .
Oh , uh , never have I ever put my foot in the ocean .
Oh , uh , never have I ever thrown , caught or touched a Frisbee .
Oh . Never have I ever pushed all the buttons in an elevator .
I have a question about Batman . Batman is a man who dresses up like a bat . Man bat is a part man , part bat hybrid . Now , if Man Bat dressed up as a man to fight crime , would he be Man Batman ?
Well , is not Man Man just Man ?
Oh , I have not asked it yet .
Well , we are only watching Game of Thrones . A party sub implies it is a party .
I like a party as much as the next man , as long as the next man does not like a party . Oh , by the way , do not forget , tomorrow is our quarterly roommate agreement meeting .
Hmm ? Well , it sounds like the kind of thing one would bring up at a quarterly roommate agreement meeting . Lucky for you it is tomorrow .
Well , you have to go . It is Penny is first time leading the Pledge of Allegiance .
You realize one of them has sugar on the raisins .
And yet you get to weigh in . Democracy , it is pretty cool , is not it ?
Well , we will just see about that .
He says he is not coming to the roommate agreement meeting tomorrow .
Oh , fine . We do not have to have a roommate agreement meeting if you do not want to .
Of course , it will require a vote . Unfortunately , my official gavel is in my bedroom , but luckily , I have my travel gavel .
There is a motion on the floor , I am ridiculous . Do we have a second ? Hmm ? Hmm ? There is no second . The motion is denied . Next time , make sure you have the votes first . That was embarrassing .
Well , I should hope so . Tomorrow is picture day .
You keep talking like that , you are gonna make colour guard .
Are you up to date on Game of Thrones ?
Oh , I do not know . Theon Greyjoy looks pretty good for a guy who had his genitals cut off .
Tonight I will be watching a show rated M .A , and that stands for mature audiences , buster .
All this could be avoided if you had just come to the meeting .
Oh , it is just a meeting . One simple meeting .
Meeting , meeting , bo beeting , banana fana , fo feeting , fee fi mo meeting .
Yeah , Amy , just one second . Meeting .
Apparently , perfect attendance is not cool any more .
Well , then you do not understand what is happening . See , Leonard refused to participate in a mandatory quarterly roommate agreement meeting . This is what a generation raised on Bart Simpson looks like .
I love Lisa Simpson .
Wait . You were pretending ?
No . I do not believe you . I could tell .
Hmm , what do you think ?
Gladly .
It is not always because they die . In one case , it is because they have become involved with underground tree people from the dawn of time . Yeah , but I will not say who it is . It is Brann .
She did .
Well , I will catch you up . Uh , Penny is angry at Leonard , Leonard is angry at me and Penny , I am angry at Leonard and Amy , Raj is angry at Howard , and I am angry at George R .R . Martin ’cause there are no new books for me to spoil for Leonard .
Interesting fact , in Italian , the morta in mortadella means death .
I did not say fun fact . I am not a monster .
Now it is a fun fact .
Cersei uses her body to manipulate men . Penny just takes me to The LEGO Store .
Fair enough .
Well , the important thing is I said that big sandwich would ruin everything , and I was right .
They do not wear bicycle helmets in Game of Thrones . You are thematically inaccurate , but I applaud your commitment to safety .
I never got to ask my question about Batman .
If Batman were bitten by a radioactive Man Bat , and then fought crime disguised as Man Bat , would he be Man Bat Man Bat Man or simply Man Bat Man Bat Batman ?
Personally , I find the notion of external rewards demeaning . I pursue science for the intrinsic joy of discovery .
I also say do not contradict me in front of my friends , but that you do not remember .
Wine again ? Yeah , no , thank you . I like my grapes the old fashioned way , in a juice box .
I should not have to see my girlfriend get groped in public by another man .
Well , Bernadette , looks like Saturday night , it is you and me .
Well , it makes perfect sense . Because you are an expectant mother , you ca not drink alcohol . I do not like to . You ca not have sushi . I do not like to . You ca not go in hot tubs . I consider them vats of sweaty people soup .
Oh , come on . Roller coasters , caffeine , runny eggs , I have been avoiding these things all my life . And now , because you are pregnant , you have to .
Well , little lady , you have heard of party hearty , get ready to party hardly .
Oh , but I will not be there .
You know , it is like how I play Warlords of Ka’a with you and Elder Sign with Frank and Alicia .
You , you and I spend a lot of time together . Can there be a little mystery between us ?
I am going to record this for posterity .
Here goes nothing ? This is the initial test of our prototype . Can we give it a little more gravitas ?
Eh , maybe it is your voice . I am gonna see if I can get James Earl Jones to do it in post .
Yes . And we are going to prove that we do not need alcohol to enjoy ourselves .
Or caffeine , tobacco , sushi , soft cheese , processed meats and jacuzzis , which can all be harmful to an unborn baby .
Oh , no bubble baths either . They can increase the risk of a urinary tract infection .
Oh , and no swordfish , king mackerel , shark or tilefish , which are all high in mercury .
Oh , and no contact with guinea pigs or hamsters or their droppings , uh , no no cat litter boxes , no paint fumes .
Boy , do I love restrictions .
Oh , the bubbles tickle my nose . I will just open this now so it can get nice and flat before we drink it .
Oh , I have quite the evening planned . Our foetus friendly festival of fun begins with an in depth look at the world of model trains , and then we will kick things up a notch and explore all the different ways that you can make toast .
You have heard of French toast ?
Cinnamon toast ?
Melba toast ?
You get where I am going here ?
H O gauge trains are 1/87th scale . N gauge are 1/160th scale . And that brings us to Z gauge , at a , you could easily swallow it , do not ask how I know , 1 to 220 .
When I was five , I ingested a Z gauge locomotive . I spent the next three days saying , I think I can pass it , I think I can pass it , I think I can pass it .
What an interesting question . When I was a child , life was confusing and chaotic for me , and trains represented order . I could line them up , categorize them , control them . I guess you could say that they gave me a sense of calm in a world that did not .
Well , other than when they are chugging through your bowels , these things are magic .
And last but not least , this is one that I like to call Star Wars Toast because it has a light side and a dark side . All righty , it is time for Dungeons & Dragons .
You are gonna enjoy this . I designed it especially for you .
Oh , I have a feeling that once you start , you are not gonna want to or be allowed to stop .
Ready ?
Your name is Bernatrix . You are a warrior queen . You are strong , beautiful and tall .
I think you are gonna like a lot of things I have in store . For example , in this world , only the men get pregnant , so your husband is home trying not to pee when he laughs .
You are parched and weary from battle . You stand in front of a tavern that serves the coldest , most delicious ale in all the realm .
What do you do ?
He wants to see I .D .
The Hell Prawn lunges out of the hot spring . You block it with your shield . Do you attack ?
Three giant red ones and they never blink . It is unsettling .
Good choice . Critical hit . Your sword goes through its eye into its tiny brain . With its final dying gasp , it says , you have reduced me to a pile of sushi . Enjoy me with this packet of soy sauce . It is low sodium . Aaaah .
Using your sword , you prepare a beautiful sushi dinner . You slip into the hot spring and enjoy the warm water on your aching joints . As you happily close your eyes , you recall the incredible evening you have had and notice that your feet and ankles are smaller than they have ever been . The end .
Oh , the fun does not stop . You are still going home with a goodie bag full of toast .
I can understand that . From the moment people realized I was a genius , I have been Sheldon the Genius . Although I have never really wanted a break from that , so I suppose I do not understand . Which is ironic ’cause , you know , genius .
You are welcome . And any time you need a break from being Bernadette the Pregnant , Bernatrix the Warrior Queen is here waiting .
Well , mind you now , that offer is only good until the third trimester . I ca not risk getting amniotic fluid on my spot .
Morning .
Oh , I overdid it myself last night . Hair of the dog .
Of course .
No , it did at first , but then I talked it through with Frank and Alicia , and they really helped put things into perspective .
Yes .
Taylor Swift .
Yes . Kardashian .
Khloe ?
See , I remembered because if it looks like Kim it is Kim , if it looks kind of like Kim it is Kourtney , and if it looks nothing like Kim it is Khloe .
Oh , well , we decided to use our breakfast time to expand our respective knowledge bases .
I am sorry , who is Mike Drop ?
Why do not you want to get your mother from the airport ?
She can cover it in a car ride ? I could do 40 minutes on your posture alone .
All right , back to learning .
Oh , easy , Bill Nye the Science Guy .
Creepy old dude from Dancing with the Stars .
Oh , well , I have a few questions for him about the last Avengers movie , and a whole lot of answers .
Oh , bad news . Amy is making me go shopping with her later , so looks like none of us can go .
You are really going without me ?
You do not have the authority to save places in the line . If I do that , I will be cutting .
You know the golden rule of line etiquette . No cuts , no buts , no coconuts .
Remember when we camped out for the Doctor Who panel at Comic Con ?
Stuart , what are you doing here ?
I do not understand . You were happy to do this when I hired you . Why , why are you upset with me now ?
Well , I suppose turnabout is fair play .
Hey . Is everything smoothed out with Amy ?
Did you make the apology as sincere as I would have ?
Oh , well , that is laying it on a little thick .
I suppose so . But if I get out of the line , I will lose my spot .
You would do that ?
You are a good man .
Amy .  Amy .  Amy .
Hello , everyone . Oh , Beverly , good to see you . I had love to chat , but there is a line that could start moving any minute , so let is do this . Amy ? A proper apology requires three steps . Step one , an admission of wrongdoing . Amy , I was wrong . Step two , a promise never to repeat said action . Amy , that action will never be repeated , and that is a promise . Step three , an earnest request for forgiveness . Amy , I hope you can forgive me . And I hope you do it right now , ’cause there is an Uber waiting downstairs , and I do not want to repeat this apology nonsense with my driver Ganesh .
Oh , thanks , you are a peach . Beverly , we will catch up soon . Bernadette , it was a pleasure as always , Penny , you have spinach in your teeth .
I am back .
It went well . Yeah , I have learned that if you never say you are sorry , the times you do really puts them on their heels . Uh , Stuart , I relieve you of your line duties .
Did you see that ? He just cut the line .
No , it is not fine . It is a breach of line etiquette .
What if every person in front of us let someone cut ?
What if each of those people let someone cut ?
But then each of those people let someone cut ?
Excuse me .
Uh , uh , I could not help but notice that you cut the line .
Well , no . It is not cool . If there were reserved seating , and we all had tickets , that would be fine . But this line is first come , first served . Not show up tardy and nevertheless be first served . Right here .
You need to go to the back of the line .
Mrs . Wunch in fourth grade . And my slogan was a line that is straight is a line that is great .
What about Joss Whedon is work makes you think he had be okay with rule breakers and line cutters ?
They work for SHIELD , which is a sanctioned department of the U .S . Government . Do you work for a sanctioned department of the U .S . Government ?
Excuse me , excuse me , can I please see a show of hands ? Who here takes issue with this person cutting the line ?
Well , what a sad state of affairs . That you have all been so ground down by life , you do not even notice when someone disrespects you .
You know , right now , at the back of this line , there is a movie fan like you who is not going to get in , because this person simply does not care . Yeah , well , 61 years ago , there was another person at the back of the line and her name was Rosa Parks .
Now , let is follow in that brave woman is footsteps , and stand up for ourselves . And , and I realize that she stood up by remaining seated , but now is not the time to enjoy the irony of that . Now , I ask you again . Who here takes issue with this person…
I most certainly did not .
Excuse me , I paid someone to wait in line for me , and then when I arrived , he left , so what you saw , my good woman , was swapsies , not cutsies . Oh , no , no , no , no , wait , I ask you all again , a show of hands . Who here takes issue… well , stop moving . he is gonna get in .
No , I ca not . This is not right .
No , I could have done more .
Hey , good news , I just got off the phone with my mother . She is coming to the wedding .
Yes , I am inviting people to our wedding . Yeah , I have already asked Stephen Hawking and Robert Downey Jr , and , now do not get your hopes up , ’cause he is pretty busy , but Erno Rubik .
Seriously ? He invented the Rubik is Cube .
Because , despite his fame and fortune , he strikes me as a lonely man .
Oh , you are welcome .
You know , that does not work for me , let is stay with Mrs . Cooper .
Wu wu , what ? That is what I called you till I got to know you better .
Well , actually , I…
Excuse me , I take care of him .
Yeah , and Leonard is mother is already here .
Mother , she is an atheist , not a vampire .
I do not know what we were worried about , they are getting along great .
Is not this nice ?
Dr . Hofstadter .
All right , now I am starting to sense a little tension .
Mom .
It only got three and a half stars on Yelp .
I am not sorry . That is true .
Do not laugh , she was not joking .
Yeah , I do . They are filling up on bread and ruining their meal .
If I had known you were broke , I would not have made a big deal about the bread .
That is funny , because my father was not a very clever man .
See , that is funny because…
I think it is pretty obvious . They do not want dessert ’cause they filled up on bread .
I do not like this at all .
Leonard ? Leonard ?
You realize you and I could become brothers .
I hope you are right . ‘Cause a grown man living with his brother and his brother is wife is weird .
Okay . Do you think your father is doing unspeakable things to my mother ?
Are you saying that because the things are unspeakable ?
Very well .
Hey , if you want me to sleep you are gonna have to stop talking .
It was nice of her to show us playing dumb with an example .
Whuh , are we still doing the dumb thing ? Okay , why , what is wrong ?
Oh , golly , however did he humiliate you ?
Do I say stop what , or just throw in the towel ?
Oh , excuse me , that is my mother you are talking about , however accurately .
And turned their phones off .
You know , also , if they did have coitus , we will all be needing a skilled psychiatrist .
All right , so less or equally awkward , got it .
Hello .
So , did you defile my mother or not ?
Did that conversation include the phrase your genitals are a joy to behold ?
Or what a joy it is to behold my genitals .
A man named Jesus convinced you to build a church in Africa . You are kind of a sucker .
What ? In the Chattahoochee National Forest in Georgia ? I ca not be the only one that knows that is halfway .
What ? But he is a mediocre academic . And according to Beverley , his sexual prowess is sub par . He is basically Leonard with a bigger prostate .
Yes , while also getting in a solid dig at you . Pretty efficient , huh ?
But why should you get to go and leave me here with your bickering parents ?
Hang on , hang on . We are smart , we can figure this out . Okay , so : Mary and Beverley ca not be together . Uh , Alfred and Beverley ca not be together . Leonard and I ca not be together . Now , I could be with Alfred but I do not like his face . Oh , here . I have got it .
Great , now I have to start all over .
You made God sad today , Mom .
Well , that is still no reason to rush into anything . I mean , look at us . We took things remarkably slow . You and I , we did not even hold hands for two years .
Hey , hey . She is mine , take a cold shower , grandpa .
Why do people cry at weddings ?
Speaking of love , STDs among the elderly are skyrocketing .
Yeah , excuse me , I need to say something to someone pretty special , and I just ca not wait any longer .
Leonard , you and I have our ups and downs . But I have always considered you my family . Even before the recent threat of our parents fornicating like wrinkly old rabbits . I do not always show it , but you are of great importance to me . Both of you .
Plenty of time for you to meet another geriatric boy toy .
Yes ma’am .
Well , and you need to drive the car and mind your business .
What , you are not my mother .
Yes ma’am .
Look at this . Elon Musk has a theory that we are all just characters in some advanced civilization is video game .
Well , he does not say it is a good game .
Oh , what did he say ?
That does not sound terrifying .
Gentlemen , I think we are losing sight of the real issue . We are on the precipice of becoming faceless cogs in the military industrial complex . Is not that exciting ?
Not at all . In Star Wars , when the stormtroopers would march in perfect formation , harassing civilians , did not you ever think , hey , that could be me ?
Okay , Howard is on board . What do you think , Leonard ?
We do not need Howard is cousin . No , we have me .
I am not a know it all . I am a person who knows lots of things and likes to correct other people when they are wrong .
Or in German , a Besserwisser .
I do not see how a tax lawyer from Fort Lauderdale could be helpful regarding intellectual property .
Hello .
Do not sign anything ? That is your advice ? Okay , so , uh , if during this meeting , one of us were to , say , complete an oil painting , you had recommend that we leave that unsigned ?
That is what you said .
This must be how you practice law in Boca Raton , by saying things you do not mean and meaning things you do not say .
All right , you were on Jeopardy . Allow me to Alex Trebek this and put it in the form of a question : Who has been a complete waste of our time ?
You do not need him . I will represent you .
Yeah , we will do it in two . Hi . I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper . I am the actual brains behind this project . Also , engineers are not real scientists , MIT is a trade school , and the Death Star is from Star Wars , not Star Trek . But otherwise , thank you for your service .
Hello .
Oh , Leonard is mad at me , so I am making him lemon bars .
Not really . But I am mad at him , too , so lemon bars it is .
They made me promise I would not talk .
Well , now , see ? You knew what was gonna happen . Why did not they ? Anyway , now we are committed to completing this project in a ridiculously short time frame , and everyone is upset with me .
Mm . If it makes you feel any better , a parasitoid wasp known as Oobius depressus has been rediscovered after 101 years of presumed extinction .
Why would your Bernadette thing make me feel better ? At least mine was educational .
Look , I am sorry . Tell me why Bernadette is upset with you .
Why would you do that ?
See , that is exactly what happened to me , except that I said it on purpose , and I have no regrets .
I never realized this building was classified .
The way you put away those lemon bars , perhaps that is a good thing .
Why ? It clearly does not work .
Impressive .
It knows .
Oh , while you do that I am going to pump cerebral spinal fluid through my brain cells to remove the metabolic by products of the day is thoughts .
It is called sleep and it is my bedtime . Nighty night , y’all .
I know , I was there .
How late ?
One o’clock ? I am not a raccoon .
What ? You have some coffee .
And look how irritable it is making you !
I had a bad dream that my best friend became a tyrant and forced me to stay up all night to work .
Ow , it does hurt .
Oh , that was never happening .
I will not be there .
Huh , what ?
Oh , no , thank you , those have caffeine in them .
I am cool . This is Yoo hoo , chocolate milk is delicious watery cousin .
Superheroes take performance enhancing chemicals ?
I am facing a great deal of work . And I do like things better when famous people also like them .
The first one is free ? Flash , how do you stay in business ?
Gentlemen , I am ready to work . To quote The Martian , let is science the faeces out of this . That is The Martian the book and The Martian the movie , not Marvin the Martian . Although to quote Marvin the Martian , I claim this planet in the name of Mars .
Oh , I am fantastic , never been better . I had my first energy drink and I feel great . Hey , you guys want to wrestle ? We can do arm , thumb , mud , sumo . Nah , we are not fat enough , or wearing diapers .
My head hurts and I am more tired than ever .
No , I can do this . I just , I just need another energy drink . Oh , no .
I want another one .
That is a craving . That is a sign of chemical dependency .
No , I know , but plenty of things are addictive after a single exposure . I mean , crack cocaine , nicotine , Pringles . You know once one pops one just ca not stop .
You want to bet ? Oh , great , now I am addicted to gambling .
I am sorry . Yes , of course .
Just , please , bear with me if I display symptoms of caffeine withdrawal .
You guys stink .
Uh , you are really going to have caffeine in front of me when I am trying to get my life back on track ?
I do .
Yeah , but I do .
With what ?
I thought I did not have a problem .
Leonard , can I ask you a question ?
Howard , can I ask you a question ?
All right , I will just toss this out to the room . Um , I was thinking that the best way to fight my addiction is by weaning myself off in steps . Now , I could not find a caffeine patch , but I did find what claims to be a mind boosting caffeine suppository . You know , the interesting fact about the rectum…
You do not shove them . They come with an easy glide applicator .
I ca not .
No , I ca not figure out the math . I have been racking my brain for days , and I have got nothing .
I ca not do it . I am not as smart as I think I am . I am so sorry . This is all my fault .
But what if we ca not ?
He said start with it , not end with it .
The computations required to overcome the deployability issues are more significant than we thought .
We , we really appreciate it .
Why are you all smiling like crazy people ?
I do not know . What if living together kills the romance ?
Yeah , but what happens when we each get a peek behind the curtain ? I mean , she is never even seen me unshaven .
Do not try luring me in with sexy talk .
If you want to lure me in with sexy talk , that is how you do it .
Not yet . How will I learn if I am comfortable living with Amy or just comfortable because I am in my own apartment ? Now , if this experiment is going to be valid , I suggest a neutral environment .
Well , ideally , an enclosed , self sustaining biodome in New Mexico , where we would eat crops fertilized with our own waste .
Interesting . If my official residence were across the hall , I wonder if I had need to knock every time I came over here .
Historically , I do not do well with change .
You are darn right , you would not . No matter where I am , this will always be my spot . Like an embassy in a foreign country , this seat is the sovereign soil of my bottom .
Very well . I am on board .
Yes . I accept this five week mission to share a living space with my girlfriend .
Well , now , do not be surprised if , like Star Trek , it is cancelled in three .
Oh . Thank you .
Of course , the ideal way to conduct this experiment would be with four pairs of identical Sheldons and Amys . One pair that was neither dating nor living together . One pair that was dating but not living together . One pair that was living together but not dating . And then , of course , one pair that was living together and dating . Although , with that many Sheldons , it had be such a party , we had never get anything done .
Well , you have lived with your significant other for some time . I would like this experiment to go well . Are there any insights you can share ?
You know , Leonard and I were very happy before you came along .
How many pairs of underwear did you pack for the move ?
You truly are the Goofus to my Gallant .
Oh , excited , concerned , a little scared . All the same emotions I feel in line at Space Mountain .
Okay . Talk .
Wow , no foreplay or anything , just right to it .
You are really okay with that ?
This is such a relief . Honestly , if it did not get you all worked up , I had kiss you right now .
I know . They probably should not sell those to children .
Enjoy having the place to yourselves .
It is Penny is bedroom . Plenty of men have gone before .
I guess this is it .
You , too . Oh , do not forget . Tuesday the air filters need to be changed .
Oh . Oh , and every other day , check the water level on the avocado pit .
Leonard , please , let me go .
Oh . Bye .
I guess the experiment begins .
No , no , we are living together now , everything is equal . You know ? I know that I have a tendency to be controlling , so I would rather you choose .
Well , clearly , it is not whatever I want , because what I want is for you to make this decision , and you refuse to do that .
Like when you let me get those shoes with the wheels on the bottom , and then watched me roll right into traffic ?
Fine . Okay . Now , on this side , I am closer to the exit in case of emergency .
No , but I am also closer to the entrance in case of attack .
Ah , then again , what are the odds of someone attacking me ?
Now , this side offers me proximity to the bathroom , but I am closer to the window where perverts can watch me sleep .
I suppose that works .
Although now I am kind of worried someone is hiding behind those drapes .
Be grateful I am still in the room .
Oh , I am just happy I do not know what this memory foam remembers .
Well , it is funny you should ask , because I was wondering how you had feel about separating the two of us with a pillow wall .
Okay , well , I am sorry . I am just worried that my sensitivity to temperature could make this a rough night . And no offence , but your bottom radiates enough heat , I am surprised there are not iguanas lying on it .
No , Dr . Feynman . If I solve it for you , you will never learn .
What are you doing down there ?
Who are you calling ? Aaargh !
Good morning . See ? I did not knock , but it is fine . I did not knock , but it is fine . I did not knock , but it is fine . So , how is everyone ?
Really ? I slept great .
How ? You had the whole floor to yourself .
Well , but what kind of scientists would we be , drawing a conclusion after only 12 hours of data ?
Wow . I anticipated we had have problems , but I never thought your scientific rigour would be one of them .
If the lab room disposable shoe cover fits .
How dare you ?
Whoa , whoa ! Now you are making fun of my bona fides ?
Well , if you are so protective of the scientific method , perhaps we should use the next five weeks to finish what we started .
For science , maybe you should .
Fine .
Great .
Will you two please inform Amy how much you enjoy adhering to a strict bathroom schedule ?
I can if you had just roll over and accept your fate .
Oh , look who is in favour of compromise , the woman who married Leonard Hofstadter .
Well I am open to that .
I think we should see other people .
Well , as a male , I have an evolutionary drive to perpetuate my DNA . Restricting myself to a single partner is against my nature .
Do not blame me . Blame your pal , biology . He is the pervert pulling the strings here .
You know , people are quick to accuse me of being difficult to live with , but the truth is , Amy is just as challenging .
Yes .
Yes .
When we are sleeping , she breathes on me . One night , it got so bad I almost grabbed Toto
She is always complaining about people at work .
Do you know that when I get out of the shower , she eyes me up and down like I am a piece of meat ?
I know . Sometimes I would just like to be appreciated for my mind .
Have you noticed it is always an A flat ?
If we are just going to drive around aimlessly , the least you could do is take me for ice cream .
Well , see , why ca not Amy be that subservient ? She has coitus one time , suddenly she is Gloria Steinem . Anyway , I suppose an ice cream parlour will be a good place to meet other women .
Being with Amy has awoken the sexual creature within . When I see a pretty gal walking down the street , I think , hubba hubba , like any other guy .
No . No , if we both like it , I will spend the rest of my life opening the freezer and going , aw , no strawberry .
Hmm ? Well , she spends her whole day scooping . One arm is probably bigger than the other .
You are truly wise .
I had say wise beyond your years , but you are getting up there .
Penny , I am going to tell you a story that I have never told anyone .
I was 13 years old , and on spring break from college .
I came home early because they ran out of math to teach me .
My mother was at bible study . I walked in the house expecting to find it empty , and I heard a sound coming from my parents’ bedroom . When I opened the door , I saw my father having relations with another woman .
I know . It is also why I never open a door without knocking three times . I mean , the first
We locked eyes , I ran to my room , and we never , ever spoke of it .
Since Amy and I have been living together , we have been bickering like my parents used to .
Yes . I need to prepare her now to save her from pain down the road .
Well , anything can sound silly when you put it in that tone .
I am sure you are right . I suppose I should apologize to you , as well .
That must have hurt watching me look for other women without ever even considering you . Please understand that I think of you as more of a nanny .
Hello .
I wanted to apologize for my behaviour today . It , it was unnecessary . This is warm . Oh , and also , I am willing to forego the bathroom schedule .
Amy , you should know I was never really interested in seeing other women . And to prove how serious I am about us , I am willing to take our relationship to the next level .
We have people over all the time . We have the maintenance people , the pizza delivery man , that UPS driver who feels the need to ask how parts of me are hanging .
All right , fine . Let is say that we were to entertain people . What type of gathering did you have in mind ? Huh ? A meal ? Lunch ? Brunch ? Dinner ? Afternoon tea ? A formal tea ? Hmm ? Is it a party ? And if so , what kind of party ? Is it a cocktail party ? A Tupperware party ? Ooh , is it a surprise party ? Oh , I hope it is not a West Coast party , ’cause according to the man on the radio , a West Coast party do not stop .
Oh , do not be . You get your hopes up , I knock them down . That is called teamwork .
You expressed an interest in having people over , and I feel I dismissed it too quickly . So , I took matters into my own hands , and I arranged a brunch .
Oh , uh , Stuart , Bert from the geology lab , and Mrs . Petrescu from downstairs .
Yes . Oh , fun story , she grew up with ten siblings . Or possibly penguins . Her English is atrocious .
Well , for our first time hosting , I thought it would be wise to conduct a trial run . You know , like how I practiced for that Halloween haunted house by going into the bathroom at the bus station .
You never saw what jumped out at me at the bus station .
Oh . Well , the real surprise is how surprised you are that I am great at surprises .
The average cork speed is 25 miles per hour . If that is too fast around a school , it is certainly too fast around a kitchen .
Okay . I can do this . Just give me a moment… Oh ! Mimosas coming up .
Would you like one , Mrs . Petrescu ?
She is learning English from TV .
Stuart , this is Bert from the Caltech geology lab , and this is Mrs . Petrescu from downstairs .
So until Amy is apartment is fixed , she and I are living here together .
This is it . You are the practice round .
You know , exactly . We have never thrown a brunch before , and I wanted to work out all the kinks .
Hmm . You see , your words sound reasonable , but your face looks angry . Help me out here , this is not where I shine .
Okay , now , see , you look sincere , but your words are completely false . I am glad we did this test run , these brunches are wild .
Oh . Thank you .
Well , no , that is not true . I mean , sometimes it is Koothrappali . But we are not supposed to say that ’cause he is a minority .
Stuart , wait . I do know what it feels like to be left out .
All right , this is about me and him , you are not part of it . Stuart , perhaps we do take you for granted , and that is not acceptable . Please know that you truly are a valuable member of our social group .
You know , in fact , I had like to propose a toast . To Stuart . A fine man , a good friend and a wonderful guest .
Do you know what else I love about you ?
Your handwriting is impeccable .
No , I mean it . I mean it . It is like you have the soul of a label maker .
Hmm ?
You never know when two pieces of paper might temporarily need fastening in the top left corner .
You know , it turns out , you can hurt people just as well without ’em .
Hello , I am Dr . Sheldon Cooper .
And welcome to the first on location episode of Dr . Sheldon Cooper and Dr . Amy Farrah Fowler present…
Hit it .
Who have not learned their place yet .
Dr . Fowler and I began an experiment in living together after her apartment became water damaged . This is our friend Penny is place . You may remember her from our episode , Flags and the People Who Do not Understand Them .
So , let is roll up our sleevis and get to know Nevis .  Well , I , I like that , but next time check with me .
Buda and Pest united to form Budapest . And that is why Budapest is the Budabest . Now .
Yeah , we could get Thai food near your apartment and then drop in and check on the progress .
So ?
I am terrified of stepping on a nail and falling into a butt crack .
You know , if you had like , I could call your landlord and complain .
Oh , I do not mind , I am very good at complaining . If it were an Olympic sport , I had complain about what a stupid sport it is and then I had take home the gold .
Is it me , or are you purposely changing the subject ?
I have a feeling you are still doing it . But I find that topic irresistible , so , now , in ancient Mesopotamia , the king referred to the people as his property .
I am concerned about Amy . She is acting a bit odd lately .
Her behaviour . No , I have the feeling that she is hiding something .
Well , whatever it is , it is troubling me . And I ca not eat , I ca not sleep . And do not even ask about the consistency of my bowel movements .
Why would she keep something from me , you know ? I shared my body with that woman . And my Netflix password . They recommended Stella Got Her Groove Back because of her .
I do not understand .
So , she is deceiving me in order to spend more time with me ?
Oh . Well , I feel both flattered and hurt . Like when people say I look like that skeleton from Nightmare Before Christmas .
Well , I will not tolerate deception in my relationship . I have no choice but to confront her .
Your Klingon word of the day calendar is gone .
It is khoo vakh .
No , no , he is over there .
Are you going to confront Penny ?
Hmm . You know , perhaps instead of confronting them , we should see how far they are willing to spin their tangled webs . Like that Spider Man action figure that used to be on your desk .
Excellent . I am very hungry . Speaking of which , what is going on with your apartment ?
Interesting . Very interesting .
Wait , uh , you saw her apartment ?
Leonard ?
jlyajbe’ . DaH nep’a’ Penny ?
Why are you speaking English ?
Oh , wait , stop that .
Dayaj’a’
Qu’vatlh
How could you lie to me ?
It is all right .
Despite recent events , I do consider our experiment in cohabitation to have been positive .
I am open to the possibility .
Wuh wuh hold on , excuse me , that is my room .
But that is my room .
But that is my room .
But that is my room .
Hey , I get it . Everybody wants to spend more time with me . I am like a man made of sugar in a world of ants .
Night . If we did continue living together , would it be here ?
Of course there is , there is always your apartment .
I hate your apartment .
Well , I suppose we could find a whole new place . You know , and , technically , we do not even have to stay in Pasadena . We could , we could move to Altadena or a place that does not even end in dena .
But what if we move and we do not like it ? What if there is a smoker in the building ? Or pets ? Or there could be mould ? There could be traffic noise . I am gonna have to learn a whole new bus route . Are you trying to soothe me by singing the Star Trek theme as a lullaby ?
I am not a child , do not do that .
Do you know 2001 : A Space Odyssey ? All right , now that is soothing .
I am struggling with the thought of leaving my old bedroom .
I need to see it . While I am gone , do not breathe on my pillow .
That is my girl . What on earth ? What is going on ?
Can we just focus on the decision I am facing ?
Gentlemen , please , this is a significant decision . Now , do Amy and I continue living together ? Or do I move back in with Leonard ?
Yes .
Yes .
Apparently , figure this out on my own ’cause you guys are no help at all .
Hello .
I am just contemplating Buridan is donkey .
What , you are familiar with the reference ?
Exactly .
Thank you .
Really ?
Huh . Yeah , I wonder if that is related to the 12th century Persian philosopher , Al Ghazali and his story of a man caught between two dates .
Al Ghazali was anti Aristotelian ? Boy , you think you know a guy .
How much will it hurt ?
On a scale of one to ten , where one is a pebble in your shoe and ten is the monkey you thought was your pet biting your face off .
Eating a whole Altoid ?
No , this is for science . I can be brave for science .
Oh , jiminy , that is cold .
All right , just warn me before you do it .
You tricked me . You did not say one .
No , but three , two and we are done is incomplete . You know those things bother me . It is like hearing da da da da da dah without yelling…
Thank you . Now yell charge and we can get out of here .
Did it work ? Are they brain cells yet ?
Oh , just let me look . Oh , my goodness . I see quivering black lines . Those must be neurons , oh , they are so thick and beautiful .
I have such a profound sense of creation . I , it is like when I hatched sea monkeys , except that this is from my DNA , so this is like me monkeys .
Yeah , but us monkeys does not pop . Oh , oh , oh , oh , wait , we monkeys , there you go . Hey , when can we start running tests on it ?
What stimulus should we introduce it to first ? Light , sound , temperature , oh , oh , let is
I understand . She is the mean one , I am the fun one .
Look , look , here I am standing next to the incubator . Uh , here is a microscopic view of the cells .
Aw . Yeah , this little guy can already recognize electronically transmitted images 20% faster than any other sample in Amy is lab .
Yeah , I have to say , it is nice to share this experience with someone who is on the same journey . Although right now ours is testing off the charts while yours is floating around in its own waste .
Well , I did not make you waddle up four flights of stairs for the heck of it .
Yeah , but ours can recognize a specific data stream among background noise .
Ours does not need an immune system because it lives in a state of the art German incubator .
Okay , fine . Let is just agree that both creations are special in their own way and it is foolish to try and compare them . Although , we did not need to have sex with Howard for ours , so we win .
Would you look at that ? The image we gave it was 45% white noise , and it still managed to reconstruct it .
Yeah , we need to stop for magnets on the way home , this is going right on the fridge .
Oh , I am . And you realize what the next step is ?
Uh , no . We lock that door , lower our underpants a little and make a baby .
Clearly the combination of our DNA is exceptional . Our child could be the next step in the evolution of mankind . We will be able to get into any preschool we want !
Oh , yes , you are . I track your cycle . For the next 36 hours you are as fertile as a manure covered wheat field .
I do not understand . I thought you had be thrilled to procreate with me .
Oh , I see what is happening here . You are playing hard to get .
Very well . Oops , how clumsy of me . You know what ? Let me get that . Hey . Where are you going ? I , did you even look at my bottom ?
Well , hello .
Would you care for a brandy ?
Good choice , it is disgusting .
Who is trying to seduce you ? After a long day I always turn on smooth jazz and spray deer musk on my inner thighs .
Anything you had like to pet ? Not my hair . There is a lot of goop in it .
Amy , come back . I do not know how to open the oysters .
Amy , I did not want it to come to this , but you have left me no choice but to employ the most passionate , seductive dance known to man . The flamenco .
You guys are aroused , right ?Bert : Thank you very much . Thanks .
Everything is stupid and I want to go home .
Hey , it is not even called the Genius Grant , it is the MacArthur Fellowship . Just like it is not Frankenstein , it is Frankenstein is Monster . Which brings us back to that hulking simpleton over there . And if anyone is a genius , it is me for the way I brought that full circle .
Oh , good , maybe he can build a nicer bridge to live under .
I know how to behave .
Someone call George R . R . Martin , this guy knows how to finish a story .
Some genius . I zinged him with sarcasm , he did not even notice .
Well , are not you a peach .
Who listens to the radio any more ?
You used to make those jokes about me . Now everything is Bert , Bert , Bert .
You want me to read a geology paper ?
Yeh , why ? Eh , why ? Oh , that is why .
I hope you are happy making me read this . Bert is work is remarkable , and I am more upset than ever . This is worse than when I had to admit that Cedric the Entertainer is actually entertaining .
Yeah , well I am angry . And you telling me not to be angry makes me angry . And do you know how hearing myself say the word angry over and over makes me feel ?
That is a good idea . I guess everyone is having them now .
Fine . You can walk ahead of me and scare off the pigeons .
I admire you , Leonard .
You are happy with who you are . You do not get jealous of other people . Instead of being weighed down by ambition , you just float along like a dead body in a river .
How did you deal with it ?
I ca not believe I was surpassed by a geologist . I mean , rocks . He studies rocks . If rock is so great , how come paper beats it ? Leonard , I am having a primal urge to throw this rock .
Perhaps I will . This rock encapsulates all my negative emotions . I will cast you far away . Feel free to take out a pigeon while you are at it .
I tried to let go of anger and threw a rock into my foot .
Yeah , but you have got all those things , and no one is lining up to be you .
Uh , do you really think calling me names is helpful ?
Maybe you are right .
Thank you , Penny . You know , I just need to keep reminding myself that Bert is success is not my failure .
And that men of his large stature are more susceptible to a wide array of life threatening diseases .
Top of the afternoon , gentlemen .
Well , it is a new day . I have a new outlook . You know , I realized I do not need to worry about other people . I just need to think more about myself .
Bert did quality research , and he deserves whatever accolades he receives .
Excuse me , I need to pay Bert a proper congratulations .
Bert ? I wanted to let you know that I read your research , and your award is well deserved .
Well , just this once , you can count me as people , too .
Really ? I did not know that .
You know , I am not sure . You know , you had have to ask him . Excuse me .  Aah . Leonard , I hurt myself again .
No , I went to punch the water fountain , slipped in water in front of the water fountain , and hit my head on the water fountain .
I am so disappointed in myself . Jealousy is completely illogical .
Oh , no . A plaque ? Nobody wants to see this .
I ca not take this any more .  Bert .  Bert .  Bert .
All right , let is do this , Bert ? We need to talk .
Rock , rock , water fountain . I am not proud of this , but I have been envious of your recent success .
I was hoping by admitting my weakness to you , I had somehow be unburdened .
No . Now that you know my weakness , I hate you more than ever .
We , hang on , you are my enemy . Now , the enemy of the enemy is my friend . And right now , I am my own worst enemy . That makes you my friend . Okay , I am good to go .
You know what ? This is not gonna work .
Yes , that is right . I have Amy . In the past , you have professed feelings for her . Does it eat you up inside that I have her and you do not ?
I did not punch him . He turned around , and I gave him a Captain Kirk karate chop . I am not even sure he knows I did it .
Professor Hawking .
Thanks , Leonard , now he is not gonna think I am cool .
How do you deal with the success of your colleagues ?
I ca not . Thank you , Professor Hawking . You are a gift to mankind . There should be statues of you everywhere . You know , the Lincoln Memorial has a big chair . We could swap you right in .
What a wonderful idea , how does this man not have a Nobel ?
Oh , actually , I would .
Let is take every single thing from the other apartment and put it in here .
You know , I have always thought that this couch would look fantastic on the curb in front of the building .
You know , I wonder how she feels about all this artwork .
It truly does capture the beauty of your friendship with Penny .
Yeah , it seems only right that she have it back .
Yeah , there is hooks in the closet , I can hang it right now .
What happened to them ?
You know , Leonard , the more I think about it , there are a number of mutually owned items in this apartment that you and I should go through . Uh , for example , who gets our beloved sword , Longclaw ?
That seems fair , we did just give you the painting .
Wonderful , Longclaw is mine . And how about you keep our avocado plant ?
Although , Amy and I did just move in together , and a plant is a lovely housewarming gift .
Oh , we got a sword and a plant , our apartment is really shaping up .
Oh . Remember when we got this at Comic Con ?
It is one of a kind .
Well , Leonard , you know , who should keep this ? On the one hand , I love Mr . Spock more than you do . On the other hand , I care more about clocks than you do .
I will be right across the hall . You will probably be able to hear it .
Thank you .
Oh , now , what about our 3 D chess set ?
Well , no , I just did not think you had want a physical reminder of a game you never managed to win . As a kindness , I should probably take all the games .
Are you sure ? These items represent our shared times together .
For a man so good at predicting my moves , how come you stink at 3 D chess ?
It is not my fault I am bad at sharing , I skipped kindergarten .
Yeah , take whatever you want .
But you do not even like flags .
But I designed it .
But you do not even understand its symbolism .
Come along , Amy . I know when I am not wanted .
Well , powder me in sugar and call me a doughnut , if it is not Leonard Hofstadter .
If it is like your 3 D chess game , then you are out of your length , width and depth . Amy , get the Nporin , somebody just got burned .
All right , I tried . That should be the title of your autobiography . Ooh , a second degree burn .
It is a good thing you are cute .
What do you think you are doing ?
This is the level you are stooping to .
So , there are fresh linens on the bed and , oh , well , now , I see you have met Theodore . Theodore , these are your new room mates , Leonard and Penny . They are very honest , but I would not leave cash lying around .
My room is paid up until the end of the month , so I can do with it whatever I please , which includes renting it out for a dollar a night .
Anyway , I will leave you be . I have to , oh , oh , he is expecting a newspaper in the morning . Apparently , they still make them .
That is true , but had I done something under the line , there would not be a man in your kitchen who ca not produce a single form of ID .
And now you know as much about him as I do .
Will you keep it down ? What kind of vengeful bed and breakfast do you think I am running ?
I am being awful ? You are the one who went out of your way to hurt me .
Dividing our belongings is difficult .
I have to admit , leaving you to move in with Amy has been harder than I thought it would be .
Leonard , I would like us to stop fighting about our possessions .
In fact , I want you to keep the apartment flag , and I am not just saying that because it touched your genitals .
I do . And to show you that there are no hard feelings , I am willing to rub my genitals on it as well .
Amy ? Wake up .
It is midnight . Happy birthday .
This is for you . I was going to wrap it , but touching Scotch tape gives me the heebie jeebies .
A functional MRI of my brain . I did Sudoku before they took it so I had be ripped .
And it is not just an MRI . The orbitofrontal cortex is lit up because I was thinking of you .
We seem to be moving on to the annual coitus portion of your birthday festivities .
I did not put on my come hither plaid PJ is for nothing .
Yeah . I am afraid so . Childbirth , looming coitus ? This is a banner night for female genitals .
Wolowitz might hand out cigars . I had to find my bubble gum cigar so I could join in without looking foolish .
I am starting to rethink the Flash onesie I bought this kid .
It does not matter what I want . It is your birthday , you decide .
That is a bit childish , is not it ?
Grape . I find it the most mild .
Well , I believe we were kissing like randy teenagers , and your nose was whistling ever so slightly .
Oh , do not be . You were like a foxy tea kettle .
Very well .
I am not sure . Earlier tonight , things began organically , and now it is feeling forced , like all the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels .
Oh , I know , but just , Leonard and Penny think we are doing it , and I do not want to disappoint them .
No , and also , I do not want to disappoint you . I , you know , come on , it is your birthday . I can soldier through this .
Intriguing . Is back on track a hint that it has something to do with trains ?
Because if it did have to do with trains , and you were gonna give…
Not even a cozy sleeper car on the Orient Express ?
Who is killing the mood now ?
Can I look yet ?
Wowza .
What , a Gryffindor sleeping with a Hufflepuff ? How scandalous . You naughty girl , you went to the Wizarding World theme park without me .
Yes , you are in trouble , you went to Wizarding World without me .
You know I have been wanting to go .
Oh , you are right . I am sorry .
Five minutes ? We must be doing it wrong . It took us hours .
She is right . You know , I just learned Amy went to a theme park without me , but I am not going to ruin her birthday . I will wait , and ruin 24 individual hours sprinkled throughout the year . Boop .
But if my mom asks , we have bunk beds .
I was not thinking it . Although , now that you point it out , it is undeniable .
Raj , show some compassion . Those are things that we think but do not say .
Oh , speaking of personal growth , I recently tried eating Swiss chard . You know , I did not swallow it , but Amy said it counted .
Some will be successful , some may be homeless . It is fun to think about .
It was . Bernadette had her baby , I made it to Wizarding World , and now it is time to complete your birthday celebration . Hankius pankius .
Hello .
Oh , you know , the lone star state . Hmm . That should be its Yelp rating .
Yeah . It is good to be home . Oh , good lord , is that mistletoe ? Do not you maniacs own a calendar ?
It was fine . Other than the weird tasting juice Amy gave me , I slept the whole way .
Well , we were on our way to my mother is house…
Do we have to ? I really do not want to hear the religious lecture .
There is always one . She gave it to my sister about her boyfriend , my brother about his girlfriend , my father about his girlfriend . That one had some un Christian words in it .
Eh , I do not know . I am her precious little boy . And you did take my flower .
Anyway…
Given that your hands prepared it , is not that a little self serving ?
Welcome to Texas .
Oh , wait , wait , should not we just eat ? You know , I mean , God did take time out of his busy schedule to bless these Sloppy Joes .
All right . This is on you . Amy and I are living together in sin , like a couple of New Yorkers . Now , while you scold us , I am going to get a knife and a fork . Joe may be sloppy , but Sheldon is not .
What ? Wh , where is the judgment ? Wh , where is the fire and brimstone ? Where is the part where you tell us we are going to Hell and I say have you seen the size of the bugs outside ? We are already there .
And what special circumstances are those ?
What , so you thought I was going to be alone for the rest of my life ?
Well , this is highly insulting .
I am the child she was worried about ? I have a brother and sister whose combined intellectual wattage could not power a potato clock , if I spotted them the potato .
Well , I was in my room , I could not hear what they were saying .
Just being the unsocialised eccentric my mother always thought I was .
Yeah . And I do not understand why you are taking her side . By being my girlfriend , she is saying you are a weirdo , too .
Can you believe my mother thinks we are both strange ?
Well , first we buttered my feet to get the swim fins off , and then we went out .
You are right . I have Leonard and Howard and Raj , Stuart , Penny , Leonard is mom , Bernadette , Wil Wheaton…
I was going chronologically . You are right between Koothrappali is father and Omar , the one eyed Sparkletts guy .
I knew we should have never mentioned us living together in the first place .
Disagree . We have known about evolution since 1859 , she still believes in Noah and his amazing zoo boat . This could have all been avoided if you had only listened to me .
Why would you do that ?
You managed the situation ?
So my mother thought I was incapable of finding a mate , and my mate thinks I am incapable of running my own life .
I have gotten much better at that .
What ? How should I know ? Excited ? Itchy ? Give me the first letter .
How would you feel if I contacted your mother behind your back ?
Delighted ? What , not if I guessed for a hundred years .
Yeah . Here . I will catch you up .
I was acting odd intentionally .
Well , there is really not much left to tell . I decided that my mother views me as a child because I never went through a rebellious phase , so , I got an earring .  My mother made me take it out .  Amy put alcohol on it .  And here we are .
I do not understand what is wrong with socks .
So Bernadette , if I express interest in your baby will you promise not to make me touch it ?
Hey , how is life with your baby ?
To this day I have never touched Stuart .
Wait , so how does the story end ? Is the baby a jerk or is Bernadette a bad mother ?
What ? Is there another twist coming ? Is the baby not theirs at all ?
It says here that up to 80% of new mothers experience baby blues . And that the best thing to do is reassure them that they are doing a good job . Bernadette , you are doing a good job .
Thank you , Internet . I am telling you , with the right YouTube video , I can give Howard a vasectomy .
Leonard , i have been meaning to ask you , what size shoe do you wear ?
I am trying to take more of an interest in other people is lives .
That is small . So , tell me , do you have any plans for the weekend ?
Only if the answer is shopping for baby shoes .
Oh , well you know , that is interesting . I wonder what kind of infection you will come home with . My money is on fungal . They are still having girls night across the hall .
At our age , why do not we call it man is night ?
If you do that , i will win in eight moves . I will win in five moves . I will win in one move .
Oh , Penny , I am trying to take an interest in other people . Uh , how was your girls’ night ?
Hmm . Did you have anything to eat ?
Anything to drink ?
Well , I am just playing tennis against the drapes here .
Leonard , she might be drunk . All she had was chips .
Amy is free . She had a harp lesson on Saturday but it got cancelled . Boy , when you take an interest in people , you really uncork a geyser of nonsense .
And if they have any of those tiny bottles of shampoo ?
You know what ? I feel uncomfortable engaging in a public display of affection while their relationship is strained .
Bye .
Bye .
Yeah , I will miss you too .
Well , if x equals the amount that you will miss me , then I will miss you x plus one .
And it is just the way you like it .
Yes .
Yes .
Good Lord , I made you tea , just drink it .
Well , what can we do to cheer you up ?
You want to play Jenga ? Or , uh , Ticket to Ride ? Hearthstone ? What would you be the happiest losing at ?
Wow , and I remember when you loved playing games with me . Maybe Penny is not the only relationship you are phoning in .
Hmm . Yeah , you are right . It is like when I first encountered the Pythagorean theorem . You know , I was blown away that the square of the hypotenuse was the sum of the squares of the opposite sides . But now I am just like , eh .
Would you like to play a driving game I invented ?
Never mind . You know , Penny went to this spa to be away from you . Are you sure you should be going there ?
Very well . You got married spur of the moment , I do not see why your divorce should be any different .
Hello , Amy . It is nice to see you .
And that is how you make effort look effortless .
You know what ? If you had like , I could whip up a quick relationship agreement . Well , I am at a spa , I might as well do something relaxing .
Very well . Hey , later we will check out the minibar , I will show you how Godzilla gets drunk .
There is a cucumber in my water .
Do they know it is there ? I mean , should I tell somebody ?
Interesting . The world is most boring liquid and the world is most boring vegetable , but you put ’em together and bleugh .
Oh good , you are here . Are you still fighting ? If you get divorced , do I get two Christmas is ?
I get to write a contract ? I say , let is get this party of the first part started .
I did this for free , let me get a little something .
Oh well , great then , here , you sign here , date here , and Penny , if you could initial here to indicate that you are accepting Leonard in as is condition .
Mm . You seem to be forgetting the no nostalgia clause .