Agreed , what is your point ?
If you have to ask , maybe you should not be here .
What , are you kidding ? You are a semi pro .
Sheldon , this was your idea . A little extra money to get fractional T1 bandwidth in the apartment .
I am sure she will still love him .
Well , what do you want to do ?
Okay .
I do not know , I have never reneged on a proffer of sperm before .
Bye .
No .
Not really .
I do not care . Two millimetres ? That does not seem right .
Is that why they sent you to boarding school ?
New neighbour ?
Significant improvement over the old neighbour .
Hi .
Hi .
Hi .
Great .
Bye .
Should we have invited her for lunch ?
We already watched the Season Two DVDs .
I think we should be good neighbours , invite her over , make her feel welcome .
Well , then that was wrong of us . We need to widen our circle .
Yes , and you have never met one of them .
I am going to invite her over . We will have a nice meal and chat .
Well it is not difficult , you just listen to what she says and then you say something appropriate in response .
Hi .
Anyway , um . We brought home Indian food . And , um . I know that moving can be stressful , and I find that when I am undergoing stress , that good food and company can have a comforting effect . Also , curry is a natural laxative , and I do not have to tell you that , uh , a clean colon is just one less thing to worry about .
So , what do you guys do for fun around here ?
This looks like some serious stuff , Leonard , did you do this ?
Wow .
So you are like , one of those , beautiful mind genius guys .
Holy smokes .
What ?
At least I did not have to invent twenty six dimensions just to make the math come out .
In what universe ?
Uh , do you guys mind if I start ?
So , sit next to me .
What is the difference ?
Here we go .
Do you want me to move ?
Just sit somewhere else .
Well this is nice . We do not have a lot of company over .
Yes I now , but…
Yes , I remember .
I am sorry .
Um , me , okay , I am Sagittarius , which probably tells you way more than you need to know .
Oh , yeah , a lot of people think I am a water sign . Okay , let is see , what else , oh , I am a vegetarian , oh , except for fish , and the occasional steak , I love steak .
Oh , okay . I love cheesecake .
Oh God , you know , four years I lived with him , four years , that is like as long as High School .
Should I say something ? I feel like I should say something .
You want to know the most pathetic part ? Even though I hate his lying , cheating guts , I still love him . Is that crazy ?
Really ? Would it be totally weird if I used it ?
No .
No .
How so ?
That is not true , remember at Thanksgiving my grandmother with Alzheimer is had that episode .
The worst part was watching her carve that turkey .
Excuse me ?
Well I am not trying to have sex with her .
What makes you think she would not have sex with me , I am a male and she is a female ?
I am not going to engage in hypotheticals here , I am just trying to be a good neighbour .
That is not to say that if a carnal relationship were to develop that I would not participate . However briefly .
It is just not a good time .
Can we please stop saying coitus ?
Wow .
Must we ?
She asked me to do her a favour , Sheldon .
Which is ?
That is a biological impossibility and you did not have to come .
Come on , you know how it is with break ups .
Wuh , I , I broke up with Joyce Kim .
To mend her broken heart . This situation is much less complicated . There is some kind of dispute between Penny and her ex boyfriend as to who gets custody of the TV . She just wanted to avoid having a scene with him .
No , Sheldon , there is not going to be a scene . There is two of us and one of him .
Hi , I am Leonard , this is Sheldon .
Get lost .
We are not going to give up just like that .
Excuse me , if I were to give up at the first little hitch I never would have been able to identify the fingerprints of string theory in the aftermath of the big bang .
Come on , we have a combined IQ of 360 , we should be able to figure out how to get into a stupid building .
This is it .  I will do the talking .
I am Leonard , this is Sheldon .
Oh . We are scientists .
What ?
I am sorry .
Sheldon , I am so sorry I dragged you through this .
And you were right about my motives , I was hoping to establish a relationship with Penny that might have some day led to sex .
Anyway , I have learned my lesson . She is out of my league , I am done with her , I have got my work , one day I will win the Nobel Prize and then I will die alone .
Thank you Sheldon , you are a good friend .
No , it was a valid hypothesis .
Really ? Great .
Our babies will be smart and beautiful .
Sure .
So ?
So ?
Baby , baby do not get hooked on me . Uh , baby , baby do not get hooked on me .
Uh , I am not sure , everyone kMolaroSeep an eye on Howard in case he starts to swell up .
Are there any chopsticks ?
Here we go .
Yeah , I probably will not , but… Hey Sheldon .
Hey Raj !  Still not talking to me , huh ?
A marathon ? Wow , how many Superman movies are there ?
One .  .
Yes , I know , men ca not fly .
Unless , Superman matches her speed and decelerates .
Excuse me , your entire argument is predicated on the assumption that Superman is flight is a feat of strength .
Yeah , and you do not have a problem with that , how does he fly at night .
I have 26 hundred comic books in there , I challenge you to find a single reference to Kryptonian skin cells .
Okay , her apartment is on the fourth floor but the elevator is broken so you are going to have to  oh , you are just going to be done , okay , cool , thanks . I guess we will just bring it up ourselves .
Why not ?
We do not need strength , we are physicists . We are the intellectual descendents of Archimedes . Give me a fulcrum and a lever and I can move the Earth , it is just a matter…  I do not have this… I do not have this I do not have this .
Do you have any ideas ?
Easy , easy  Okay ! Now we have got an inclined plane . The force required to lift is reduced by the sine of the angle of the stairs , call it thirty degrees , so about half .
Exactly half . Let is push . Okay , see , it is moving , this is easy , all in the math .
Ah , gravity , thou art a heartless bitch .
Men do things for women without expecting sex .
Almost there , almost there , almost there .
Sheldon !
Are you insane , you ca not just break into a woman is apartment in the middle of the night and clean .
Do you realise that if Penny wakes up , there is no reasonable explanation as to why we are here ?
No , no . You gave me an explanation , it is reasonableness will be determined by a jury of your peers .
What ?
That is ridiculous .
Fine . I accept your premise , now please let is go .
O o o oh !  .
Morning .
I am not surprised . A well known folk cure for insomnia is to break into your neighbour is apartment and clean .
You think ?
You know what , you have convinced me , maybe tonight we should sneak in and shampoo her carpet .
Yes ! For God is sake , Sheldon , do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth .
No , I do not have a sarcasm sign .
How did she know it was us ?
God , this is going to be bad .
Yes , but , only to clean .
In my apartment , while I was sleeping .
And what kind of doctor removes shoes from asses ?
Sure , that is another way to go .
You are going to march yourself over there right now and apologise .  What is funny ?
No .
What ?
What is his problem ?
Six two inch dowels .
One package , Phillips head screws .
No , please , we insist , it is the least we can do considering .
It is an inefficient design , for example Penny has a flat screen TV , which means all the space behind it is wasted .
And control it how ?
Hey guys , I got this .
Oh , really , show me where we put a drip tray , a sluice and an overflow reservoir ?
Oh , I have got it . How about if we replace panels A , B and F and crossbar H with aircraft grade aluminium .
Robert Cohen & Dave GoetschHoward : Alright , just a few more feet , and… . here we are gentlemen , the Gates of Elzebub .
Warriors , unsheathe your weapons , magic wielders raise your wands .
Sheldon , he is got Raj , use your sleath spell . Sheldon ! Sheldon !
Forget the sword , Sheldon , help Raj .
Dammit man , we are dying here .
You betrayed us for money , who are you ?
Excuse me .
No problem . Bye . Oh , and , bye , bro !  .
I am a romantic .
Yeah . He was kinda dreamy .
I do not know . Olivia Geiger ?
Yeah .
Sheldon , if you were a robot , and I knew and you did not , would you want me to tell you ?
Maybe , although the history of science fiction is not on your side .
That is true . Have you ever harmed a human being , or through inaction allowed a human being to come to harm ?
Have you ever harmed yourself , or allowed yourself to be harmed except in cases where a human being would have been endangered ?
Hey , what is going on .
Oh , we tried kissing , but the earth did not move . I mean any more than the 383 miles that it was going to move anyway .
I think Mrs Tishman is got her eye on you . I have been there , you are in for a treat .
You do not know me , you do not wear my chains… God , that is a good song .
I know what you are thinking , I have taken your asthma into account . There is a feline geneticist in San Diego who has developed the cutest little hypo allergenic calicos .
I have been thinking about names , I am kind of torn between Einstein , Newton and Sergeant Fuzzyboots .
Maybe , if it is a cute little cuddly cat .
It does not matter . The woman is not interested in me , the woman rejected me .
You are right . I did not ask her out , I should ask her out .
No , but you are right . I should march over there and ask her out .
How do I look ?
Can you tell I am perspiring a little ?
Six thirty .
Is it too much ?
By the way , if it should ever come up , you did not join us because you stuffed yourself with a chicken carbonara sub at Quizznos .
No reason . Oh , you know what , maybe this is not such a good idea .
You are right , alcohol , poor judgement , it could go well .
You could have stopped at “it could go well .”
I mean , I am a perfectly nice guy . There is no reason we could not go to the restaurant and have a lovely dinner . Maybe take a walk afterwards , talk about things we have in common , “you love pottery ? I love pottery !” You know , there is a pause , we both know what is happening , I lean in , we kiss , it is a little tentative at first but then I realise , she is kissing me back , and she is biting my lower lip , you know , she wants me , this thing is going the distance , we are going to have sex ! Oh God ! Oh , my God !
I am having a panic attack .
If I could calm down I would not be having a panic attack , that is why they call it a panic attack .
Why ?
Okay .
What ?
Oh , who am I kidding , I ca not go through with this , you need to call her and cancel .
Yes .
I do not know . Tell her I am sick .
Not the kind of illness that will make her want to come over and take care of me , but nothing so critical that she will feel uncomfortable going out with me in the future if I want to try this again .
Give me the phone .
I ca not because if I do not show up she will still be expecting you .
When I take a girl out on a date , and I do , she knows she is been dated . Capital D . Bold face , underline , like Day ted . I think I might have a little concussion , I am going to go lay down for a while , good night .
Awesome !
Bill Prady & Steven Molaro
Why , did you hit a roadblock with invisibility ?
Interesting .
Sounds like a breakthrough , should I call the science magazines and tell them to hold the front cover ?
Then I guess congratulations are in order .
I know , I am familiar with you .
Yes , I was there .
What ?
Well then we will avoid Finkleday , we will meet the new department head , congratulate him , shake his hand and go .
Mahalo is a nice touch .
Of course , but it is all Indian food . You ca not find a bagel in Mumbai to save your life . Schmear me .
What .  Howard brought a date ?
Howard , nice to meet you , and you are ?
Well , you did call him a glorified high school science teacher whose last successful experiment was lighting his own farts .
Morning
You are making eggs for breakfast ?
Huh ? Cos it looks a lot like breakfast .
Sounds yummy . I look forward to your work with bacon .
You know , I am sure if you just apologised to Gablehauser he would give you your job back .
Okay . I will let you get back to fixing your eggs .
Hi , hey . I am running out to the market , do you guys need anything ?
I am sorry ?
Four dozen ?
Okay , one more time ?
How come you did not go into work today .
So you got canned , huh ?
Well , maybe it is all for the best , you know I always say , when one door closes , another one opens .
No , no , I meant…
Never mind .
We are fine .
Oh , sure I am .
120 ?
Well , yeah .
Let is say 4 ,390 .
Thank you .
Uh , no , no not really . Listen , did not you say you needed some eggs .
Oh , okay , well maybe you should start heading on out then .
Interesting .
What now ?
Well , maybe that is what I was going for .
Oh , I do not know Sheldon , it is going to take me a while to recover from all the fun I had today .
What ?
You want me to buy thirty years worth of tampons ?
Okay , I am not talking about this with you .
Hey , I just ran into Penny , she seemed upset about something .
What is with the fish ?
What happened to your scrambled egg research ?
So… fish .
Fish nightlights .
Mum is the word . Sheldon , are you sure you do not want to just apologise to Gablehauser and get your job back .
Like luminous fish .
Right… I did not… .
Oh , you got yourself a loom , how nice .
Honey , why did you get a loom ?
Leonard called me .
Because one of the great minds of the twenty first century is raising glow in the dark fish and weaving sarapes .
Really , when was the last time you left the house .
That was three weeks ago .
Sweetheart , your little friend is concerned about you .
Where are you going ?
Good morning , snicker doodle .
Oh , well that looks awful fancy , what is that ?
But intelligently designed by a creator , right ?
You know how your daddy used to say that you can only fish for so long before you got to throw a stick of dynamite in the water ?
Well , I am done fishing .  You put those on .
Because you are going to go down to your office , you are going to apologise to your s , and get your job back .
I am sorry , did I start that sentence with the words “if it please your highness ?”
Now you listen here , I have been telling you since you were four years old , it is okay to be smarter than everybody but you ca not go around pointing it out .
Because people do not like it . Remember all the ass kickings you got from the neighbour kids ? Now let is get cracking . Shower , shirt , shoes , and let is shove off .
Sheldon , he is just doodling , get in here .
Let is go , baby , we are losing daylight .
Hey , how did it go ?
Really ? What happened ?
I am very proud of you honey , you showed a lot of courage today .
Mmm hmm ?
David Litt & Lee Aronsohn
Alright , thank you , and Sheldon .
Well , it is all good .
Just get a hamburger , you like hamburgers .
Uh , which one , the Classic Burger , the Ranch House Burger , the Barbecue Burger or the Kobe burger ?
The Barbecue Burger is like the Big Boy .
Because you are not at Big Boy !
Make it two .
I did not know you ate here .
Lesley ? No , no oh , what are you kidding ?
Thank you Sheldon .
What did Penny mean , you had make a cute couple ?
If Penny did not know that Lesley had already turned me down then that would unambiguously mean that she , Penny , thought that I should her , Lesley , out , indicating that she , Penny , had no interest in me asking her , Penny , out . But because she did know that I had asked Lesley out and that she , Lesley , had turned me down then she , Penny , could be offering consolation . That is too bad , you would have made a cute couple . But while thinking , good , Leonard remains available .
How so ?
Well , what do you think .
Oh , hey Sheldon , what is going on ?
I am sorry ?
Okay , sweetie , I know you think you are explaining yourself , but you are really not .
Well what ?
Oh , come on , you went to college .
Alright , look , a tie on the doorknob usually means someone does not want to be disturbed because they are , you know , getting busy .
Oh , come on , you know , Leonard is had girls over before , right ?
Wait , you had to leave the state because your roommate was having sex ?
So , do you know who is in there ?
Hmmm . Good for him . Good for Leonard . Okay , night .
What is the matter ?
Hi , Leonard . It is me , Sheldon . In the living room . I just , I wanted you to know I saw the tie . Message received . You are welcome . You carry on . Give my best to Lesley .
Hey , what is the matter ?
Are you sure ?
Oh yeah . But does not that fix the problem you have been having ?
You are welcome .
Yeah , I noticed it when I got up to get a glass of water , so I fixed it , now you can show that quarks are asymptotically free at high energies . Pretty cool , huh ?
Thank you , I will see you at work .
What ?
No one .
There are no incorrect equations on my board .
I am sorry , I have got to run , if you come up with an adjective , text me .  .
Sheldon !
Wuh , I do not… . th th th that is really two different questions , uh , I am not… . Sheldon , we have to go !
Thank you . What did she mean , she is happy for me ? Is she happy because I am seeing someone , or is she happy because she thinks that I am happy , because anyone who cared for someone would want them to be happy , even if the reason for their happiness made the first person unhappy . You know , because the second person , though happy , is now romantically unavailable to the first person .
You know what , I am being ridiculous . But who cares what Penny thinks , Lesley is a terrific girl , she is attractive , we like each other , she is extremely intelligent .
She fixed your equation .
You do not believe in luck .
Regardless , I have a chance at a real relationship with Lesley , I am not going to pass that up for some hypothetical future happiness with a woman who may or may not want me to be happy with a woman who is currently making me happy .
Yeah .
Well , that part is true !
No kidding .
Your old Tuesday hamburger will be so broken hearted .
Really ?
So , how is everything .
Really , oh yay !
Well what did she mean by that ? Was that just a generic platitude or was that a subtle bid for attention ?
Are you even listening to me ?
I think we have to acknowledge , those were some fairly savage pre adolescent Jews .
Sheldon , let it go .
I shot you for good reason , you were leading us into disaster .
So , how was paintball , did you have fun ?
Well , there will be boys , and there will be girls , and it is a party . So , it will just be a bunch of my friends , we will have some beer , do a little dancing…
Yeah , I do not know , Penny…
We are really more… .
Are you sure ? Come on , it is Halloween .
Um , yeah , Halloween .
Sure .
Fine .
Of course .
Oh , no .
Make way for the fastest man alive .  Oh no !
Hey , Sheldon , there is something I want to talk to you about before we go to the party .
No , it is not…
Terrific . Um , this party is my first chance for Penny to see me in the context of her social group , and I need you not to embarrass me tonight .
For example , tonight no one needs to know that my middle name is Leakey .
Late ? It is 7 :05 .
Well , yeah , when you start a party at seven , no one shows up at , you know , seven .
Probably , but in their own homes .
The parade ?
Oh , Sheldon , I am sorry but there are not going to be any parades or judges or prizes .
Oh , he is the Doppler Effect .
Okay .
No thanks , peanuts , I ca not afford to swell up in these tights .
We are socialising . Meeting new people .
She is not Catwoman , she is just a generic cat .
I  want to get to know Penny is friends , I just , I do not know how to talk to these people .
How so ?
Go on .
Then what happens ?
This is ridiculous , I am jumping in .
No , you are coming with me .
Come on .
Yes . But I need a wing man .
Hi .
So , what are you supposed to be ?
Uh , a choo choo train ?
I still do not get it .
Why do not you just tell people you are a zebra ?
Because I am Frodo .
Oh no .
That is Penny is ex boyfriend .
If he were any bigger , he had have moons orbiting him .
Why should we leave ? For all we know , he crashed the party and Penny does not even want him here .  .
Maybe they just want to be friends .
Then he and I are on equal ground .
Look , if this was 15 ,000 years ago , by virtue of his size and strength , Kurt would be entitled to his choice of female partners .
Yes , but our society has undergone a paradigm shift , in the information age , Sheldon , you and I are the alpha males . We should not have to back down .
No . I am going to assert my dominance face to face .
Oh , hey guys . You having a good time ?
What , you are a zebra , right ?
So why the hell would you want to be a Hobbit ?
I think we are all talking to Penny here .
No , I said animalistic . Of course we are all animals , but some of us have climbed a little higher on the evolutionary tree .
So what , I am unevolved ?
Yeah , how about I make a point out of your pointy little head .
Fine . You are one lucky little leprechaun .
Oh , okay , alright , well thank you for coming .
What is that ?
No .
Good night Sheldon .
Hey , have you seen Koothrapali ?
He is not the Marvel comic story , he is the original Norse God .
I am supposed to give him a ride home .
Oh , that is very impressive . And a little racist .
So ? We will start now .
If we are having anchovies on the pizza we ca not take it out of bathroom time .
Well , there is this girl I know from back in Nebraska , Christie , well anyway she called me up and she is like “Hey , how is California ,” and I am like “Awesome” ‘cos , you know , it is not Nebraska , and the next thing I know she is invited herself out here to stay with me .
Well , she was engaged to my cousin while she was sleeping with my brother , so she is kind of family .
Bonjour mademoiselle , I understand you are new in town .
Ugh , I cannot believe Christie let Howard into my apartment .
Okay , fine , we will just play one on one until he gets back .
Great idea .
Why ?
Oh , what , what , what ?
Oh cool , whose head did I just blow off ?
It is the only way we can play teams .
Ha ha , there goes your head again .
Yeah , so is Sheldon .
Wait , wait , Sheldon , come back , you forgot something .
This plasma grenade .  Ha ! Look , it is raining you !
She is an enigma , Raj .
She is gone , Sheldon .
Okay , I have a problem .
Uh , the couch is good .
Let me guess , you have a problem with this .
It is up to you , crazy person is choice .
Your friendship means a lot to me as well , what else ?
So ?
I am sorry , are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism ?
Hu . . what ?
I will get you a blanket and a pillow .
How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions ?
Thanks Leonard .
I am listening .
Why ?
I will risk it .
Anything else I should know .
What are you doing ?
Penny is still sleeping .
I know , I know , look , you have a TV in your room , why do not you just have breakfast in bed ?
What the hell is your problem ?
chka chka chka chka chka chka chka  .
Leonard .
Penny , you are always welcome to stay with us .
I do not , my mother lives with me .
Sheldon you just ca not dictate…
Oh , that is so cool . My first Jew !
We ca not order Chinese food without Wolowitz ?
I see a problem .
So , we will just order three entrees .
We could cut it into thirds .
Hi fellas . Oh , where is your annoying little friend who thinks he speaks Mandarin ?
That works .
If we have extra , we will just take the leftovers home .
Wolowitz is with his new girlfriend , if you had let me invite Penny then you would have had your fourth .
We do not order egg rolls .
Here is an idea , why do not we just go out for Indian food .
You are nice boys . Tell you what I am going to do . I am going to bring you the four dumplings . When I am walking over to the table , maybe I get bumped , one of the dumplings falls to the floor , no one has to know .
Yeah , we can always divide soup .
Oh , hey guys , what is up ?
Right , anyway , uh , with Wolowitz occupied elsewhere , we had something we wanted to ask you . Sheldon ?
Oh , that is so sweet . But I am going out dancing with a girlfriend .
Well , for Penny it is dancing night .
No .
Look , why do not I play with you guys tomorrow ?
Sheldon , remember , we role played this .
Maybe we should have asked if we could go dancing with her and her girlfriend .
So ?
Aaah , for God is sake , Sheldon , you are driving me crazy .
Who are you calling ?
Sheldon , think this through , you are going to ask Howard to choose between sex and Halo .
You are right , all sex has is nudity , orgasms and human contact .
What are you guys doing here ?
I thought she was the whore of Omaha ?
Sheldon , you got him in your sights , fire , he is charging his plasma rifle .
I ca not see him .
That will do , Raj , straight for the tank .
All I have got is a needler , and I am all out of ammo .
What ?
Problem ?
Okay , now , do you really need the honorary Justice League of America membership card ?
Why ?
And over here is Sheldon .
If you do not want to meddle , then why are you meddling .
Why are you telling me about my own culture ?
Actually , I read somewhere that it is one of the most popular programmes in India .
I bet they love Scrubs .
Excuse me , hello ? My parents are trying to marry me off to a total stranger , what am I going to do ?
What ?
Me too . Of course , it speaks to me culturally .
So who wants to rent Fiddler ?
I need some guinea pigs .
Oh , great , well the key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition .
Uh , how about a grasshopper . I make a mean grasshopper . Okay ? Good . Coming up . Sheldon , what are you going to have ?
Okay , can you please order a cocktail , I need to practice mixing drinks .
That is , um , rum and coke without the rum .
So coke .
There is a can in the fridge .
Then swim to Cuba .
Um , Raj , honey , you say you ca not talk to women but… you have been talking to me .
I had say he was doing fine , look at her , last girl my mom set me up with had a moustache and a vestigial tail .
What happened ?
Okay .
Oh , I will wedge it right in there .
What ?
I am pretty sure her name is Lalita .
Oh , yeah , I tried to watch that online , but they wanted a credit card .
Oh , no it is not .
We all know the reason . Sheldon , what are you getting at ?
Hey guys . This is Lalita Gupta , Lalita this is Leonard and Sheldon and Howard and Penny . Is not it great , she is not fat any more !
I am sorry ?
Oh , no kidding ? Oh , who is that ?
Oh . Us Indian , or “come to our casino” Indian ?
Oh .
Thanks . I imagine you smell very nice too .
Do not be insulting Rajesh . So , Sheldon , tell me more about this princess you say I look like .
Back off Sheldon .
If you do not stop hitting on my lady you will feel the full extent of my wrath .
Okay , let is get something straight here . The only reason I came tonight was to get my parents off my case , I certainly do not need to be getting this old world crap from you .
But you are not Princess Punchali .
Sheldon , are you hungry ?
Go ahead , tell my parents why they will not have any grandchildren .
Can we please stop talking about my testicles ? Sheldon , tell them what you did .
You left with his date . Friends do not do that to each other .
Take it , Raj . It is more than I have ever gotten .
Drunk ?
Please wait until I get into the hall .
Hold on . What happened with you and Lalita ?
So you are not going to see her again ?
Gentlemen , I am now about to send a signal from this laptop through our local ISP , racing down fibre optic cable at the speed of light to San Francisco , bouncing off a satellite in gynchronous orbit to Lisbon , Portugal , where the data packets will be handed off to submerged transatlantic cables terminating in Halifax , Nova Scotia , and transferred across the continent via microwave relays back to our ISP and the X10 receiver attached to this  lamp .  .
Yeah , you turned your stereo down with your laptop .
No .
Because we can .
The monster truck is out of Austin , Texas , and the blue Viper is being operated from suburban Tel Aviv .
I suppose you could have your android penis circumcised . But that is something your Rabbi would have to discuss with the manufacturers .
Sheldon , why is this letter in the trash ?
It is from the Institute for Experimental Physics . They want us to present our paper on the properties of super solids at the topical conference on Bowes Einstein condensates .
Okay… if I may drill down to the bedrock of my question , why did you throw it out .
Are there any other honours I have gotten that I do not know about ? Did UPS drop off a Nobel Prize with my name on it ?
Shut up , Howard . Sheldon , we have to do this .
Okay , let me put it this way , I am doing it .
Oh , come on . The only reason you are the lead author is because we went alphabetically .
Excuse me , I designed the experiment that proved the hypothesis .
So the entire scientific community is just supposed to take your word ?
Alright , I do not care what you say , I am going to the conference and I am presenting our findings .
You forbid it ?
Oh , you admit that it is our work .
Get anything good ?
Oh , you know , that is so weird that yours came and mine did not .  . It was a joke .  Yup , tip your waitresses , I am here all week .
Oh yeah , me too . Zip it , lock it .  Put it in your pocket . So you and Leonard…
Little misunderstanding , huh .
Anyway , I was talking to Leonard this morning and I think he feels really bad about it .
Well how do you feel ?
Well I am just asking if it is difficult to be fighting with your best friend .
Wait… what ?
You should just talk to him , I am sure you guys can work this out .
Which was ?
Okay , so you absolutely should talk to him , look , I know Leonard values you as a friend , and he told me himself that without your little idea there is no way he could have come up with this whole experiment thing .
Yeah , I mean he tried to explain it to me , I did not really understand it but…
Uh , well no , no , not in… not in those words .
Um , gee , the exact words are not written… it is more the spirit in which it is
Hey , Sheldon , I have been thinking , instead of arguing about this why do not… .
Okay , I am leaving for the conference .
Sheldon I did not mean it like that .
I do not know , I was not choosing my…
No , no not at all . A little bit .
Leonard , ready to go ?
Okay , I am going to ask you one more time , we did the work together , lets present the paper together .
Bye Sheldon .
I did not skip it , it is just an anecdote . It is not science .
You are not Isaac Newton .
You cannot possibly be that arrogant .
Look , if you were not happy with my presentation then maybe you should have given it with me .
Really , so why did you come ?
I did not screw it up .
I have had enough of your condescension . Maybe I did not go to college when I was eleven like you , maybe I got my doctorate at 24 instead of 16 , but you are not the only person who is smarter than everyone else in this room . No offense . And I am clearly not the only person who is tormented by insecurity and has an ego in need of constant validation .
Yes .  My name is Dr Leonard Hofstadter , and I could never please my parents so I need to get all my self esteem from strangers like you . But he is worse .
You cannot blow up my head with your mind .
Stop it .
You were trying to blow up my head .
It was not , it was not , you are a nutcase .
You are lucky I did not run you over .
You are right , I am the problem , I am the one that needs help .
Excuse me . Is there anything you had like to apologise for ?
What ?
Oh jeez . Is this suit really look that bad ?
Someone from Pasadena , California named… “Wolowizard .” Leonard : See , the liquid metal Terminators were created in the future by Skynet , and Skynet was developed by Miles Dyson , but that future no longer exists , due to Dyson is death in Terminator 2 .
Skynet is kinky ? I do not know .
Alright , oh wait , they use it to in…
What the hell is that ?
Oh , I give up .
Alright , remember when I auditioned for that workshop production of Rent , but I did not get it and I could not figure out why ?
It is not a big deal , just a one night showcase , but they invite a lot of casting people and agents so , you never know .
Because… . uh , Friday , we are attending a symposium on molecular positronium .
See you .
Yes , I did .
So ?
Sheldon , are you worried about your safety .
What ?
It is two o’clock in the morning
I highly doubt that . Go away .  . Are you still out there ?
What ?
What , what , what , what , what ?
Sheldon , what is it ?
What was I supposed to say .
That would have hurt her feelings .
Yes .
And what would I have said afterwards ?
I could not say that , I would have to say , you were terrific and I ca not wait to hear you sing again .
It is the social protocol , it is what you do when you have a friend who is proud of something they really suck at .
Well now you are .
Yes .
Oooaw . This would be so much easier if I were a violent sociopath .  What ?
How ?
Well , sir , my trousers will not be igniting today .
Do you have any idea what time it is ?
What do you want ?
I remember symposium .
Wait , what ?
Well imagine how I am feeling .
You told her I lied , why would you tell her I lied ?
I am sorry , I am not seeing the help .
Oh , I am getting a bad feeling .
Your cousin Leopold ?
What is important ?
Do you have a cousin Leopold .
I do not get it , I already told her a lie , why replace it with a different lie ?
Un unravelable ?
Okay , why would I go to a drug intervention for your cousing .
We are going to Long Beach ?
Oh , come on !
So he goes back into rehab ?
You still told her I lied .
I do not know . How am I supposed to remember all of this .
So she is expecting me to lie about going to a symposium in Pasadena , when in actuality we are pretending to go to a drug intervention in Long Beach ?
Okay . So what is up ?
Howard , wait . Sheldon , I think we should tell them .
It is okay , I do , look , Leonard is helping Sheldon through a family crisis , he made up the whole story about the symposium with Dr Farmin . .farm…ian
Yeah , uh , break a leg .
Oh , too bad . I have always wanted to go to Long Beach .
Shotgun .
Let it go , Sheldon , the murderer was the first mate whether it makes sense to you or not .
What are you talking about , it is fine , she bought it , it is over .
Why not ?
There is no Leo , how can you say that ?
I have got a solution .
Get out .
Au contraire . I am 26 years old , I am originally from  Denton , Texas , but I was a Navy brat so I was brought up on a variety of military bases around the world , as a result I have often felt like an outsider , never really fitting in , which is probably the reason for my substance abuse problem .
Oh , Sheldon , are we really going to go with pop psychology .
Sheldon ?
Yeah , I got it , Sheldon , why ?
Sheldon , how about this as my motivation . When I was fourteen years old I was abused in the Philippines by a club footed Navy chaplain .
Swell , how do I play genetic predisposition ?
Hi . How did the intervention go .
Well , based on what you told me , I am not surprised .
The Philippines . 1992 . The Subic Bay Naval Station . A young boy on the cusp of manhood . His only companions mongrel dogs and malarial mosquitos . Desperate and alone he reached out to a man who promised to introduce him to a merciful , loving God , but who instead introduced him to a gin pickled tongue shoved down his adolescent throat . What choice did he have but to drink , shoot and snort his pain away .
That is never been proven .
Not double blind studies .
And that he loved the companionship and the wisdom that his own father failed to provide .
How long is he going to stay here .
O o o o h ! Again ?
Just reset the board .
Oh , better than North Dakota !  I guess that joke is only funny in Nebraska .
Ugh , it was the worst trip , everyone got sick over the weekend .
Oh , the flu I guess .
Maybe Friday .
I… I do not…
Sheldon , relax , she does not have any symptoms , I am sure she is not contagious .
Oh , it is okay , I understand .
No problem . Welcome home .
What the hell are you doing ?
With lime jello ?
I do not think so .
Sheldon , you are not sick . This is , but you are not .
Sheldon , do not you think you are overreacting ?
I am going back to bed .
What for ?
I mix pancake batter in this !
You had time to make a label for everything in this apartment , including the label maker , but you did not have ten seconds to make one that said urine cup ?
Hey .
I am at work .
Yes .
Yes .
They asked me to come in .
They texted me .
No kidding ?
Alright , well , get some rest and drink plenty of fluids .
Drink whatever you want .
Then make soup .
I am at work , Sheldon .
Yes ,
Hello .
Howard is sleeping , this is his mother . Why are you calling at this ungodly hour ?
No , just crazy . Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
How could you have gotten it from me , I am not sick .
Shhh ! Sheldon , what do you want .
Why did not you just… .  Why did not you just have soup at home .
You can have soup delivered .
Okay , what kind of soup do you want .
We have Chicken Tortilla and Potato Leek .
No .
Take your stinking paws off my popcorn you damn dirty ape .
Oh , it is okay , I did not really need to work today , it is not like I have rent or car payments or anything .
Okay , well , you feel better .
Um , home , to write some bad cheques .
Sheldon , you are a grown man , have not you ever been sick before ?
Really , never ?
Studying abroad ?
And there was no one there to take care of you ?
Again ?
What does that mean ?
Okay , sweetie , I will take care of you , what do you need ?
Okay , ground rules , no sponge baths , and definitely no enemas .
Okay , nice and cosy , okay , I will see you later .
Oh , Sheldon , ca not you do that yourself ?
But Sheldon… .
I ca not believe I am doing this .
Sorry .
What ?
I am sorry , honey , I do not know it .
Soft kitty , warm kitty…
W wait !
Wait ! Penny ! Take me with you !
I do not think Penny is ever coming here again .
Yeah , so ?
If I stand , I will vomit .
Lay it on me .
How about that .
Would the new Sheldon be in any way an improvement on the old Sheldon ?
That is a problem .
And he is only fifteen years old .
I already know you are not . You do not have an open science grid computer , or a free electron laser , and the string theory research being done here is nothing but a dead end .
Yes sir .
I mean , the whole landscape of false vacuums in string theory could be as large as ten to the five hundredth power . In addition… ooh , look , chocolate milk .
That .
Is this part of the tour ?
Come on , Sheldon , we have hardly shown him anything .
Looks like you are doing work in quantum loop corrections .
You see where you went wrong , do not you ?
Huh , yeah ?
It is startling to me you have not considered a Lorentz invariant field theory approach .
Have you considered it ?
Wow , you won the Stephenson award .
Really , how old ?
Something you had like to share ? A tale of woe perhaps .
Antonio Salieri ?
Just eat , Sheldon , you will feel better .
You ca not let this kid get to you . You always knew that someday someone would come along who was younger and smarter .
So , you have got a bit of competition , I really do not see what the big deal is .
Well , what are you going to do , Sheldon , give up ?
Hey .
Great .
Great .
Great .
Okay , well , right now I am designing an experiment to study the soft component of cosmic radiation at sea level , but I really do not need any help .
Yes .
It would blow up .
Pretty sure .
Okay , Sheldon , I understand that you are going through a bit of a career crisis , you are searching for some other area where you can feel valuable and productive but I need to tell you something and I want you to listen carefully .
Go away .
I will talk to you later .
Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
I have been at this lab for three years , you have never came by to say hello .
A small payload support structure for a European science experimental package that is going up on the next space shuttle .
When this is done , it will be attached to the payload bay , and the sensor apparatus will rest on it .
No , you do not understand , during acceleration it needs to stay perfectly level and provide… yeah , okay , it is a shelf .
Sheldon , there is a diploma in my office that says I have a masters in engineering .
Sheldon .
Go away .
No , I thought of it all by myself .
Go away .
Dr Cooper ? Oh , are we interrupting ?
Oh , what are you working on ?
To what end ?
Who will come ?
What if they do not come .
Okay , well , um , speaking of spreads , we are having a small welcoming party this afternoon for Mr Kim , who is agreed to join us here at the University .
Go away .
Please go away .
I do not think you mean we ca not . I think you mean we should not .
Mr Kim was not only the valedictorian at Stamford University , he is also the youngest recipient of the prestigious Stephenson Award .
I had be more interested in a scene depicting Spock is conception .
Good story .
What ? Why ?
Come on , you need a four person team , we are four people .
Sheldon , what , do I need to quote Spock is dying words to you .
Outweigh the needs of the few .
I like it .
Then we can be the Bengal Tigers .
Let is put it to a vote . All those in favour… .
Will the gentleman from the great state of denial yield for a question ?
After we go through the exercise of an annoying series of votes , all of which the gentleman will lose , does he then intend to threaten to quit if he does not get his way ?
Yes .
Okay , the first question is on the topic of optics . What is the shortest light pulse ever produced ? Dr Cooper .
Good for you , sweetie . Okay , next question . What is the quantum mechanical effect used to encode data on hard disk drives ? Howard .
Hey , I buzzed in .
Do not you think I should answer the engineering questions ? I am an engineer .
Okay . What artificial satellite has seen glimpses of Einsteins predicted frame dragging ?
Sheldon , you have to let somebody else answer .
Because it is polite .
Leonard , you said I only had to ask questions .
Some of us might have the correct answers too .
maybe we should take a little break .
Can it wait , I need to talk to you .
Why do they say AA ?
Is not that confusing ? AA might mean something else to certain people .
No , I meant… . never mind . Hey , check it out . I got you a Batman cookie jar !
Well , you are a friend , and you like Batman , and cookies , and you are off the team .
Howard , Raj and I just had a team meeting .
Yes we did , I just came from it .
Okay , let me try it this way , uh , I was at a coffee klatch with a couple of friends and one thing led to another and it turns out you are off the team .
Because you are taking all the fun out of it .
Okay , let me try it this way , you are annoying and no one wants to play with you any more .
Thanks for the heads up .
Yes .
So , is that your team .
Hello , Sheldon .
Yeah , Leslie Winkle . The answer to the question , who made Sheldon Cooper cry like a little girl ?
Correct .
On what grounds ?
Denied . Alright , for ten points , what is the lightest element on earth with no stable isotope .  AA ?
Correct .
Prevost is theory of exchanges .
Mr Wolowitz , this is your second warning .
The answer is minus eight by alpha .
Answering question . Winning physics bowl .
Here I am janitor , in former Soviet Union I am physicist . Leningrad Politechnica . Go Polar Bears .
You did not answer question .
AA , I need your official answer .
Then what is it ?
You ca not have a different question .
Denied .
Denied . I need your official answer .
Well , that is too bad , because the answer your teammate gave was correct .
Hang on . Sheldon , is proving that you are single handedly smarter than everyone else so important that you would rather lose by yourself than win as part of a team .
Sorry , somebody is sitting there .
My Physics Bowl Trophy !
I know someone who would disagree .
My Physics Bowl Trophy !  “Leonard is so smart , Sheldon who ?”
I am settling once and for all who is the smartest around here . Okay , are you ready ?
I go outside and I talk to people . Alright , here , what actor holds the record for being named people magazine is sexiest man alive ?
Wait , I do not think it is Shatner .
No .
Yes . He taught he taw a Romulan .
What did they give you ?
I do not believe it .
Yeah . And that is my bid .
It was a spur of the moment thing , I figured it would go for thousands and I just wanted to be a part of it .
You lucky duck .
A time share time machine ? I am in . Sheldon ?
I just assumed . Who sells a full sized time machine for $800 ?
Yes but the elevator is been broken for two years .
I ca not feel my fingers , hurry up .
Sheldon ?
I do not have a few minutes , I am running really late .
You are joking , right ?
Hey , if you wait for us to set up the time machine , I can drop you off at work yesterday . Time travel joke , it is not… never mind .
Yeah . It is by far the coolest thing I have ever owned .
Oh yeah . The guy who lives next to me is always like , I have a Jacuzzi on my balcony , I have a Jacuzzi on my balcony . But wait until I tell him , I have got a time machine on my balcony . Stuff that in your speedos , Jacuzzi Bob !
He is got a point .
That sounds fair .
Twice a month .
Okay , every other month .
Good choice , Alexander Graham Bell invents the telephone and calls out for Dr Watson .
So , when it is your turn you can .
Mrs Bell was deaf , she is not even going to hear you knock .
Ooh , how far into the future ?
Not done . By the time I finally got to work , they had given my shift away . Yeah , that is right , I have lost an entire day is pay thanks to this… this…
No ! I do not want to try it , my God , you are grown men , how could you waste your lives with these stupid toys and costumes and comic books and… and now that… that…
Oh please , it is not a time machine , if anything it looks like something Elton John would drive through the Everglades .
So ?
Because I want to go back and keep myself from getting a time machine .
Can I go back and prevent you from explaining that to me ?
What if I knocked you unconscious right now ?
But it would make the present so much nicer .
What was your first clue ?
Yes I am upset .
Yeah , good for you .
I do not know . Maybe .
Uh , here is the thing . Girls like Penny never end up with guys who own time machines .
Thanks for pointing it out .
Those are movies .
Oh , Leonard .
I am packing up all my collectibles and taking them down to the comic book store to sell .
Just… personal reasons .
Dude , everyone knows a time machine loses half its value the minute you drive it off the lot .
I can and I did , look up dibs on Wikipedia .
He offered me a fair price for the whole collection .
I will match it , plus a thousand rupees .
Forget it guys , if I sell to one of you , the other two are going to be really mad at me .
What the hell is going on ?
What ?
Sheldon , are you okay ?
It is a little big for the living room , is not it ?
Well , that should do it .
Oh , hey buddy .
Sorry I am late , I am working on a project that may take me up on the next space shuttle .
Sheldon , are you going to introduce us ?
Excuse me ?
It is because you have no measurable sense of humour , Shelly .
Okay , so let me see if I got this . Leonard , Howard and… I am sorry what was your name again .
And I had to drop off some papers for Shelly to sign for my dad is estate .
I guess that is why they call you a genius .
Oh , I do not think so . Shelly does not like company . Even as a little boy he had send his imaginary friends home at the end of the day .
Look , you are here , we have plenty of room .
Come on , Shelly , she is family .
Well it would be nice not to have to drive out to Anaheim in rush hour .
I will walk you to your car . You are in structure 3 level C , right ?
Hee hee , just classic .
He was trying to build some kind of armed robot to keep me out of his room .
Yep . I had to go through the entire second grade with crooked eyebrows my Mom drew on .
Can I get a hallelujah .
Sheldon , why are you ignoring your sister ?
Hell , no !
Sheldon , can I talk to you in private ?
Thank you .
Sheldon , are you aware that your sister is an incredibly attractive woman ?
That is fascinating , but I…
Alright , noted . But my point is that Koothrappali and Wolowitz… they are hitting on your sister .
That is great , but I… .
Whatever . You have to do something about it .
Because she is your sister .
Okay , uh… . oh , consider this . With your father gone , it is your responsibility to make sure that Missy chooses a suitable mate .
Uh huh .
Exactly . And , you owe it to yourself and to posterity to protect the genetic integrity of your sister is future offspring .
I am warning you , I was judo champion at math camp .
He is the man of his family , you have to respect his wishes .
Say what ?
I am not happy , it is the medication , I ca not stop smiling .
Excuse me , but I think you are missing a big opportunity here .
Everybody knows genetic diversity produces the strongest offspring . Why not put a little mocha in the family latte .
Is it ‘cause I am Jewish , ‘cause I had kill my Rabbi with a porkchop to be with your sister .
Sheldon , you are really being unreasonable .
Oh really ?
Shelly , can I speak to you for a minute ? Alone ?
Okay . I am not even going to ask why you are pimping me out for cheese . But since when do you care at all about who I sleep with ?
What on earth are you talking about ?
And what do you mean , mediocre stock ?
Sheldon 2 .0 ?
You have got to be kidding me !
Okay Shelly , sit down . Now I have lived my whole life dealing with the fact that my twin brother is , as Mom puts it , one of God is special little people .
I thought it ended at cuckoo . Now you listen to me , if you want to start acting like a brother who cares about me , then terrific . Bring it on . But you try one time to tell me who I should be sleeping with , and you and I are going to go round and round the way we did when we were little . Remember ?
Go on .
Stay down , bitch . Yeah , ha ha , natural selection at work .
Any news you want me to pass along to Mom ?
Yeah , I will just tell her you said hey .
Come on , Shelly .  I want you to know I am very proud of you .
Yup , I am always bragging to my friends about my brother the rocket scientist .
Well yeah .
What is the difference ?
Yeah , that is terrific , but what they wanted me to ask you was to cut it the hell out .  Right come on guys , come on .  Happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you…
So Leonard , will we be seeing you on Saturday for your free birthday cheesecake ?
Okay , he can have carrot cake .
I did your horoscope , remember , I was going to do everybody is until Sheldon went on one of his typical psychotic rants .
Uh , that is so silly .
What was it called , “I hate my son and that is why he ca not have cake ?”
I know . I want to talk to you .
Okay , can you just let me in .
Okay , here is the deal , we are going to throw Leonard a kick ass surprise party for his birthday on Saturday .
Fine . If I do have a threesome , you ca not be part of it . I am just kidding , yes you can . Can you bring a friend ?
Anguish ?
Okay , sweetie , I understand you have scars that no non professional can heal , but nevertheless we are going to throw Leonard a birthday party .
Nevertheless we are… .
Okay , here is the deal , you either help me throw Leonard a birthday party or , so help me God , I will go into your bedroom and I will unbag all of your most valuable mint condition comic books . And on one of them , you will not know which , I will draw a tiny happy face in ink .
Sheldon , do you understand the concept of blackmail ?
What difference does it make ?
Is that Raj and Howard ?
Can you just let us in .
Uh , Sheldon , I did not see your present .
Do not ask .
Too late .
Well , Sheldon , you are his friend . Friends give each other presents .
It is a non optional social convention .
He came with a manual .
Alright , you know they have DVDs over there .
Sheldon , a gift should not be something someone needs , it should be something fun , you know , something they would not buy for themselves .
Well , it is a fun sweater , it is got a bold geometric print .
Okay , the point is , one of the ways we show we care about people is by putting thought and imagination into the gifts we give them .
Exactly .
Alright , let is go .
Um , that one .
Sure .
Oh , okay then this one .
I do not know , the man on the box looks so happy .
Oh , I know I am going to regret this but , what trauma ?
Of course .
No ?
All of them .
Yeah .
Okay , so we are getting this one ?
Excuse me , do you know anything about this stuff ?
Here , buy this one . Look , it is the one we are getting , see , happy guy available .
Which hard drive do I want , firewire or USB ?
I drive a Chevy Cavalier .
Sheldon , we have to go .
Thy will be done .  I am doing this for you , little buddy .
Excuse me , sir , you do not work here .
Sheldon , we have to go .
Keep walking .
Happy birthday anyways .
No , it is Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon .
What is this ?
Well it is not .
You know , I am really glad you decided to learn Mandarin .
Hey !
You just called Leonard a syphilitic donkey .
Why are you learning Chinese ?
Oh , I will tell you what is going on , that stupid self centred bastard wrote about our sex life in his blog .  Drop dead , you stupid self centred bastard !  Thank you .
Okay , feel better , bye .  She does not want to talk .
I am not going to do that , Howard .
What about “damsel in distress ?”
Oh , sure . Huh , maybe I am her gay friend .
For God is sake , Sheldon , if you do not like the tangerine chicken , do not order the tangerine chicken .
Boy , that story gets better every time you hear it .
Just eat your tangerine chicken .
Yeah . That is the spirit .
I am sorry . Look , do you have a second .
I was just wondering if I could talk to you ? It is about Leonard .
Well , Raj ca not talk to me unless he is drunk , and Wolowitz is , you know , disgusting .
All I am saying is , you know Leonard the best .
Leonard might come home , can we talk in my apartment .
No .
Okay , so , here is the thing . I guess you are aware that Leonard asked me out .
Oh , that is nice . Anyhow , the thing I wanted to talk to you about is , you know , since Leonard and I have become friends , I was just… want to sit down ?
Well , choose .
Alright , why do not you just pick one at random , and then if you do not like it you can sit somewhere else next time .
Okay . Um , here is the thing . So , I have known for a while now that Leonard has had a little crush on me…
Alright , yeah , I do not really know who they are…
Yeah , I do not care , I do not care . The point is Leonard is not the kind of guy I usually go out with .
No . What I am saying is , Leonard might be different in a good way . Obviously my usual choices have not worked out so well .
But on the other hand , if things do not go well with Leonard , I risk losing a really good friend . I mean , I guess he is not looking for a fling , he is the kind of guy that gets into a relationship for , I do not know , like you would say light years .
Thank you for the clarification .
Right , thanks .
Not the first one I have made today .
Sheldon , do you have anything to say that has anything to do with , you know , what I am talking about .
Schrodinger ? Is that the woman in 2A ?
Sheldon !
I am sorry , I do not get the point .
Sheldon , what is the point ?
Okay , so you are saying I should go out with Leonard .
Sheldon , I think I have made a mistake .
No , it is about Penny .
I do not think I can go out with her tonight .
Other people would say “why not ?”
I am going to talk anyway .
Now that I am actually about to go out with Penny , I am not excited , I am nauseous .
Right .
Sheldon , this date is probably my one chance with Penny , what happens if I blow it .
You are not helping .
Tell me whether or not to go through with the date .
Wow , that is brilliant .
Bite me . Sheldon , how could you just sit there and let them spy on me ?
Well , we sort of decided to wing it .
Nice close up , by the way .
That is not a bad sign .
Hi .
Thanks .
Sheldon , may I ask you a question ?
Alright , I heard yes , so… okay , here is my question , has Leonard ever dated , you know , a regular girl .
No , I meant has he ever been involved with someone who was not a braniac ?
How is that not a braniac ?
So , do you think that if Leonard and I keep dating he will eventually get bored with me .
On what ?
No .
No .
Okay , okay , you know , I get it , Leonard has no business being involved with a waitress slash actress who felt so insecure that she lied to him about finishing community college .
Well , he was going on and on about this college and that grad school and I did not want him to think I was some stupid loser .
You know , there are a lot of successful people in this country who are community college graduates .
Right , okay look , this is between you and me , you cannot tell Leonard any of this .
Yeah .
What ?
Okay , look , if Leonard finds out that I lied , I will absolutely die of embarrassment .
Oh Sheldon , please , look , I am asking you as a friend .
Well , yeah .
You could be Batman ?
Great . So you just let me know when you know . So…  Oh God , I am the bad fish ! What did I do wrong ?
What does that mean ?
No I did not .
What is going on with you ?
What is wrong with your face ?
What ?
Sheldon , I am working .
Oh , look , why is it so hard for you to keep one little secret ?
Look , just forget I told you about me not graduating from community college . Okay ?
What do you mean , you are moving out ? Why ?
Yeah , there kind of does .
I am still confused .
And some of those skinless chicks were hot .
That was fast .
Where are you gonna live ?
Well you ca not stay with me , I have a teeny tiny apartment .
I hate trains .
Sixty years . Used to be a watch factory .
What ?
Not until now .
Well , if you are not comfortable staying here , Sheldon…
Yes , is not she an amazing actress .
How dare you . Aishwarya Rai is a Goddess . By comparison Madhuri Dixit is a leprous prostitute .
Should not you have put him in a brown paper bag and set him on fire ?
Maybe you had be happier on a park bench ?
Do you want to switch ?
Get out of bed , we are switching .
For God is sake , ma , I am 27 years old . It is not even a school night !  Comfy now ?
So do not look at it .
No kidding ?
What about Lee Meriwether ?
Well I am glad that is settled .
Please , I am begging you , go to sleep .
Oh for God is sake .
I am coming !
Koothrappali dumped him on me , and he could not get to sleep , so I gave him a glass of warm milk with a handful of my mom is valium in it . But he still would not shut up , so , tag , you are it .
I still do not know why you left .
Why not .
You promised Penny what ?
What secret . Tell me the secret .
Not that secret , the other secret .
Dammit , Sheldon ! You said Penny told you a secret , what was the secret .
I promise .
So it is nothing I did ? It is her problem ?
Penny thinks I am too smart for her , that is ridiculous .
So , it is fine with you if I am not smart .
Please let it go , Sheldon .
You are nitpicking .
Renaissance fairs are not about historical accuracy . They are about taking chubby girls who work at Kinko is and lacing them up in corsets so tight their om jumps out and says howdy .
Hi guys . Looks like you have been to the Renaissance fair . I am hoping .
By moving on , do you mean , she is going out with other men and you spent the afternoon making fifteenth century soap with Wolowitz ?
Can we please just go in , my chain mail is stuck in my underwear .
Relatively modern . Why , what are you wearing ?
You went out and bought linen ?
What ? I have dated plenty of women . There was Joyce Kim , Leslie Winkle .
What about Leslie Winkle .
Why ?
I had hit that .
How ?
Hey , dummy .
Uh , sure .
Terrific .
I kind of have other plans tonight .
Well , the thing is , someone is coming over .
Sheldon , it is a date , I have a date coming over .
Why , what is so unusual about me having a date ?
Alright , alright . Well , uh , nevertheless , I have one now and I would appreciate it if you would , you know , make yourself scarce .
You know what I mean , could you just give us a little privacy ?
Yes .
Yes .
I know it is , and if science ever discovers a second member of your species and you two would like some privacy I would be more than happy to get out of your way .
Sheldon ? What are you doing ?
Yeah , but why are you doing it on the stairs ?
Oh . Oh , well , good for him . Yeah but , why are you sitting here , why do not you just go to a movie or something ?
Yeah , why not ?
Well then do not order popcorn .
Well why do not you go to a coffee shop .
They have other things .
I do not know , you know , cookies , pastries…
Yeah , sure .
Heya Penny . Dumbass .
Well , they have a lot in common . I mean they are both scientists .
Okay , well I have a date too , so see ya .
Okay , now my uncles are bald , but my Aunt Edna is one of the hairiest women you will ever meet . So… Sweet lady . It always tickles when she hugs me .  What now ?
Had a great time , ciao
Come on , Sheldon , there is so few places I can wear my jester costume .
Oh , okay , how about this . You can go dressed as a Star Trek science officer exploring a planet similar to Earth in the 1500s .
Sure .
Hmm , let is do it .
Do not make this hard for me .
Hey , Sheldon .
Third floor tonight . Mixing it up ?  Oh . You know , I still do not understand why you just do not go to dinner or something .
Goodnight Sheldon .
Excuse me ?
Okay , where is this coming from ?
Your arch enemy ?
Okay , I get it , I get it , I get it .
Sheldon , come back , you are losing me .
Oh , sweetie , I am sorry .
I know . I heard .
Oh , gee , well , thankyou for that . But , um , I think for now Leonard and I are just going to stay friends .
Sheldon , you are a smart guy , you must know…
Are you going to let me talk ?
You must know that if Leonard and Leslie want to be together , nothing you can do is going to stop it .
Okay , let me put it this way , if you are really Leonard is friend you will support him no matter who he wants to be with .
Because love trumps hate .
Okay . Goodnight Sheldon .
If the word is pee pee , just do it .
Thank you .
Hang on a second . Loop quantum gravity clearly offers more testable predictions than string theory .
Okay , well , for one thing we expect quantii space time to manifest itself as minute differences in the speed of light for different colours .
Sheldon , do not make that noise , it is disrespectful .
I am sorry , I could have accepted our kids being genetically unable to eat ice cream or ever get a good view of a parade , but this ? This is a deal breaker .
What is the bright side ?
Yeah .
Yes , I ca not get my stupid door open .
Yeah !
Dammit , dammit , dammit , dammit , dammit , dammit .
I ca not get the damned key out .
Thankyou , Sheldon .
Why ? I will tell you why . Because today I had an audition , it took me two hours to get there , I waited an hour for my turn , and before I could even start they told me I looked too Midwest for the part . Too Midwest ? What the hell does that even mean ?
I know what it means , Sheldon ! God , you know , I have been in L .A . for almost two years now , and I have not got a single acting job , I have accomplished nothing , have not gotten a raise at work , have not even had sex in six months , and just now when I was walking up those stairs a fly flew in my mouth and I ate it .
Oh , sonofabitch !
I did , and he said he will get here when he gets here .
No ! I am frustrated because I am a failure at everything and my breath smells like fly .
No Sheldon , I had rather sit on this freezing cold floor sobbing like a three year old .
For God is sake !
Sheldor ?
What are you doing ?
Oh .
What is AFK ?
OIC .
Oh , I see ?
Oh , I do not know . Can I see them in another colour ?
Uh huh , yeah , do I stay in the jungle or go towards the beach ?
Okay .  Wait , wait , where are you going ?
Want to catch me up ?
Oh my God , a treasure chest , I am rich !
Hey , check it out , it is just corn starch and water .
Okay , look , I bought the game , and I have been exploring the Island of Tordage but I ca not figure out how to get past the guard captain .
No , no , I have a bronze dagger .
Alright , alright , how do I get the sword ?
Is that the place on the hill with the weird priests in front of it ?
Thank you , I really appreciate this .
No , that is Marcie . Peppermint Patty is just athletic .
Right , gimme , gimme , gimme , I want to kill the guard captain .  .
Sheldon .  Shel don .
No danger , look , it is just me , Penny , look , I got to level 25 and reached Purple Lotus Swamp , right ?
Yeah . Leonard gave me an emergency key .
Okay , well can we go talk in the living room ?
Why not ?
Well , wear different pyjamas .
Okay , just tell me , is it too soon to join a quest to the Black Castle ?
Yeah , yeah , by some guys in Budapest , I am just not sure it is the right move for my character .
People , I am very busy today .
Dr Cooper , Dr Winkle apologises .
No I do not .
It was not even an official sign up sheet . He printed it himself and he put his name down in every slot for the next six months .
You need to get that Dr Cooper ?
Well do not turn it off , you might miss your call from the Nobel committee letting you know you have been nominated as dumbass laureate of the year .
Excuse me . Gablehauser .  It is for you .
Why should I do something , you are the one who introduced her to online gaming .
Why do not you just tell her to leave you alone .
Well , what am I supposed to do ?
You mean , up until now we have been experiencing the happy funtime Sheldon ?
Sheldon , wake up .
Afternoon men . Sheldon .
Right , I heard you have been pulling all nighters with middle earth Barbie .
Leslie , you are way off base here .
Thank you . My point is that Tinkerbell just needs to get her some .
Excuse me , this whole idea is insane .
No .
Sheldon…
Uh…  Yeah , yeah .
Okay , I am at the gate to the Treasury of the Ancients , I am going in .
Got it .
22 .
Oh , here come the mummies , which spell do I use ? The hateful strike , or the frenzy stance ?
I dumped them , they are a bunch of wussies .
Frenzy , frenzy , frenzy , frenzy , frenzy !
What ?
Oh , okay , wild adventure . Oh , frenzy stance is not working , die you undead mummy , die !
Thank you .
That is on the registration ?
Ooh , awesome , okay , I totally like to initiate I am a big old five .
Hi .
Hi Tom . Sheldon ? Did not I explain to you about your little mistake in the cafeteria ?
Chosen by science ?
You got Penny to sign up for online dating ?
This is bad .
Really , really bad .
Sheldon , what do you want .
Yeah , Hi , listen , as long as I am here , I am on a quest with a bunch of noobs , they do not know what they are doing , we have got one assassin , three spellcasters and no tank .
No , no , no , no , I need you now .
Do not ! Do not ! Do not !
O o o oh !
Why ? Do not !
Well , wow , that is incredible .
Thirty visionaries under thirty years of age to watch as they challenge the preconceptions of their fields .
It is a lease .
Peer review ? It is People magazine . People picked me .
The people from People .
Are you proud of yourself ?
Hi Sheldon .
Well , we are going to go apologise to Raj and invite him out to dinner .
Well , he came over last night with some pretty good news , and we were not very supportive .
You were a colossal ass hat .
Really , do tell .
Okay , let is try it this way , what if the People magazine thing is the best Raj is ever going to achieve ?
Come on .
And when we go in there , let is show Raj that we are happy for him .
Well then fake it . Look at me , I could be grinding on the fact that without my stabilizing telescope mount he never would have found that stupid little clump of cosmic schmutz , but I am bigger than that .
Dr Hoffstadter .
I am not talking about you , I am talking about me . You , my exotic young friend are my star .
Sheldon !
Wait a minute , I called dibs on Fishbine is office the day he started showing up at work in his bathrobe .
Sheldon .
You can stop smiling now .
It is fantastic , apparently the camera loves me and I it . They shot me in front of a starry background where I posed like this .  They are going to digitally add a supernova , they say it is the perfect metaphor for my incandescent talent .
Oh , I am sorry , is that politically incorrect ? In India we just call them untouchables .
Oh , you are welcome . Of course , I could not get you into the VIP section , because , you know , that is for VIPs , and you guys are just , you know , Ps .
Sheldon ?
And you guys are not going ? I ca not believe you , Raj is celebrating a tremendous accomplishment and you are not even going to be there to support him ?
Look at that . I got a date with Penny . I ca not believe it took you a whole year .
Let is just eat so I can get to bed . With any luck tonight will be the night my sleep apnoea kills me .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
You are welcome .
Just sit down and eat .
Alright , it is shredded , what do you want me to do ?
Sorry .
He is not going to have intercourse with Penny .
Oh goody , more tales from the panhandle .
Do the shrimpers feature in your story ?
Lucky ?
Okay , dead cat named Lucky , continue .
So , not a puppy ?
A griffin ?
And mythological .
Sheldon , not that we do not all enjoy a good lion semen story , what is your point .
You want to breed a new friend ?
That may well be , but the fact is , it would not kill us to meet some new people .
And he should have a lot of money , and live in a cool place down by the beach where we could throw parties .
Sorry .
Uh huh .
I am not going to work .
Sheldon , I was up all night using the new free electron laser for my X ray diffraction experiment .
No .
Did not I tell you I had be working nights , and that you had have to make other arrangements .
And ?
Goodnight , Sheldon .
Take the bus .
You tried to lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords ?
Oh , you are a big boy , you will figure it out .
Sheldon , what is it ?
Thanks for the update
Yeah , uh , I really do not think I do .
Yeah , honey , you will be fine as long as you do not do that bungee cord thing , okay ?
Yes , Sheldon , we are friends .
Oh , dear God .
You know this is my day off , Sheldon .
Mm hmm .
It is fine , it is been on for , like , a month .
Sheldon , it is fine .
Uh , maybe the light is broken .
What ?
Do you have any alcohol ?
Too bad .
Mm hmm .
Well , good for Leonard .
No .
No .
How about we just have a little quiet time now ?
Get out .
I said , get out .
I just got here .
Sheldon , I told you , I only have access to the free electron laser at night . I ca not drive you for the next few weeks .
No , just for the fun of it , I am gonna take his side .
How did you get here in the first place ?
Why did Howard leave you in the middle of the road anyway ?
Over what ?
I am taking you home .
I have a better idea .
Can you drive me to Pottery Barn ?  Maybe if I turn off the night light , I can keep the sheets .
Sheldon , sit down .
So we made you an appointment , and we want you to keep it .
Penny is taking you to the DMV , I am going to bed .
All right , come on Sheldon .
What ?
Okay .
Fine .
Yeah , and I never wanted to kick Albert Einstein in the nuts . You know , I gotta ask , why did not you just get a license at 16 like everybody else ?
Doing what ?
Take this to the testing area , put your name at the top , sign the bottom , answer the questions , bring it back , next !  Application ?
The application in your hand , give it to her .
Take this to the testing area , put your name at the top , sign the bottom , answer the questions , bring it back , next !
Look at that sign up there .
Does it say I give a damn ?
That is because I do not .
Sheldon , it is C , just put down C .
Listen to that little girl , honey , put C . Next !
Sheldon , why are you arguing with the DMV ?
Here is your learner is permit . Go away .
Next !
This is a state of the art simulator . I adapted it from something a friend of mine designed for the army .
I have not configured it yet . Let is see… Bradley tank… transport truck…  Batmobile…
What ?
Fine , what colour do you want ?
Okay , now , what you want to do first is turn on the ignition and shift into drive .
Okay , fasten your seat belt .
You do not need air bags .
Oh God , wait , slow , hit the brakes , hit the brakes !
How did you manage to get on the second floor of the Glendale galleria ?
Maybe you want to give it a rest and try again tomorrow .
Aw , the pet store ?
So wait ,you are just gonna give up ?
So what is it you are doing ?
What does that mean ?
I wonder a lot of things about you , Sheldon , but not… not that .
No kidding .
Yes , you are , you are meant to learn how to drive . Please learn how to drive !
It is never safe .
Fine . Assuming that everything you say is true , how does the biologically superior Homo Novus get to work tomorrow morning ?
Oh , good God .
So , dumbass , I heard you made a grad student throw up last night .
Because first rate minds call you “dumbass” ?
Excuse me , Dr . Cooper , I am Ramona Nowitzki , I was at your talk last night . I think you are just brilliant .
Ew . Dr . Cooper , I have read everything you have published . I especially liked your paper on grand unification using string network condensates and was wondering how you determined that three dimensional string nets provided a unified picture of fermions and gauge ons ?
Woof .
Oh , my God , that would change the way we view the entire physical universe .
Again , ew . You know , I had love to hear more about how you intend to add neutrinos . Could we get a cup of coffee sometime ?
Well , it does not have to be coffee . How about dinner ?
Great . I know a terrific little Italian place .
Sheldon lives in fear of the three tined fork .
What if I brought food to your place ?
You got it . I already have your address .
Sheldon , do you have any idea what just happened ?
Uh huh . The viewing area is right over there . Sheldon , your girl… date… person… Ramona is here .
Oh , sorry I am late . I just got so caught up reading the draft of your latest paper .
So funny . But the idea that you might be able to incorporate gravity , I have to tell you , I found it physically exhilarating .
Hey , are not you having breakfast ?
Are you experimenting with nutritional suppositories again ?
So , how had it go with Ramona last night ?
Here is your spinach mushroom omelette  .
Gloves were worn by everyone involved . I was vigilant .
Time which would be better spent tackling the great physics problems of our day .
There will not be any room until they get rid of the permanent Leslie Winkle exhibit .
So have you worked out the neutrino issue ?
You are so witty .
Dr . Cooper is working .
Yeah , I can see that . Sheldon , Halo night , Koothrappali is . You coming ?
You are not going to Halo night .
And who was that great man ?
Seriously ? You are not coming ?
Dr . Cooper , I have to tell you , your friends are holding you back .
Halo night ? A man with your intellectual gifts does not waste an evening playing video games .
Not if he wants a Nobel Prize .
What do you think ?
Now shall we get back to work ?
Sheldon , honey , I have told you , it is a small apartment , you only have to knock one time .
Get rid of her how ?
Excuse me ?
Dr . Cooper ? !
Hide you ?
Why are not you working ?
Sheldon ?  What are you doing ? !
Why ?
We are communicating through the wall .
I do not know Morse code .
Sheldon , I am not going to learn Morse code at three o’clock in the morning !
Do not come in here , do not come in here , do not come in here , do not  Aw ! What is going on ?
I know . When is she going home ?
What are you talking about ?
That only applies if you need me to help you destroy an artificial intelligence you created that is taking over the Earth .
Good night .
The bodysnatchers clause requires me to help you destroy someone we know who is been replaced with an alien pod .
Sheldon , what are you doing out of bed ?
You know you need your sleep in order for your cognitive processing to perform at optimum levels . Now come on .
Not unless she destroys Tokyo .
It is unbelievable ! It is paradigm altering !
Oh , please , I just offered a little encouragement .
Well , would you consider naming it the Cooper Nowitzki Theorem ?
I am Nowitzki .
Uh huh .
Excuse me , Dr . Cooper , I am Kathy O’Brien . I just finished reading your paper reconciling the black hole information paradox with your theory of string network condensates , and it just took my breath away .
Would you possibly have any time for me to pick your brain ?
Great . I will bring it to your place . I have the address .
Sheldon , do you see what just happened here ?
You might want to slow down a bit , buddy .
Sheldon ? Sheldon , are you okay ?
I am just so… full .
I have Chorrr .
Nekhmakh .
Judge is ruling ?
Hey , guys , I need to use your TV .
You sound just like the cable company . All right , so , shh , Tyra Banks is about to kick someone off  America is Next Top Model .
No , no , do not tell her .
What do you mean , aw ? Like she did not know we were nerds ?
Fine .
They are gorgeous .
Yeah , and they can all move in with you and your mother , the current Mrs . Wolowitz .
To pay my cable bill .
Is not it obvious ? Every week , they kick out a beautiful girl , making her feel unwanted and without self esteem , a .k .a . the future Mrs . Howard Wolowitz .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
I asked .
No .
Yes .
No .
Thank you .
Yes .
Put it on the agenda .
Oh , I will make a motion , but you are not going to like it .
Okay , here he comes , deny , deny , people , wall of silence .
Penny ! Penny did it .
I do not know . I was hungry ? What is the big deal ?
All right . Look , I did not know , I am sorry .
What ?
A sports metaphor ?
All right , yeah , I will play along . What was my first strike ?
I did ?
Oh , come on , everybody loves LOLcats . They are cute and they ca not spell ’cause they are cats .
Come on , I touched one onion ring .
Oh , honey , the buses do not go where you live , do they ?
Well , what a thrill .
Oh , jeez , you have got to be kidding me .
I do not care . I am taking a stand . Metaphorically .
That is what they said to Neil Armstrong about the moon .
Shrimp Caesar salad with no almonds for the highly allergic kosher only on the high holidays Howard , and for our suddenly back on the Hindu wagon Raj , meatlover is pizza , no meat . Coming right up .
Oh , I did not tell you ? You are banished from the Cheesecake Factory .
Well , you have three strikes . One , coming in . Two , sitting down . And three , I do not like your attitude .
There you go , quesadilla , salad , there is your pizza , and thanks to Sheldon is heated discussion with my manager one barbecue bacon cheeseburger , barbecue sauce , bacon and cheese on the side .
What are you complaining about ? I am the one who has to take the class again .
Time to do your laundry , huh ?
I know . Every Saturday at 8 :15 , easy to anticipate .
Oh , no , are all the machines taken ? What are you gonna do ?
Another night ? Well , I guess you can try , but deep inside your heart you will know that laundry night is always Saturday night .
Sheldon  Sheldon  Sheldon .
Where are my clothes ?
Yes , I left them in the washers and when I went down to get them , they were gone .
Sheldon , where are my clothes ?
How the hell did you get them up on that telephone wire ?
Get them down .
Never .
Look , wait , Sheldon , this has gotten out of hand , okay ? I have done some stupid things , you have done some stupid things , how about we just call it even and move on with our lives ?
Look , you have got to meet me halfway here .
Oh , not junior rodeo . What did you do ?
A a a aw !
Hello . Oh , hi . Yeah , hold on a second . I will get him . Sheldon , it is for you .
Your mother .
Can I sit wherever I want ? No , no , never mind , never mind , that is , that is not important . Sheldon , this was big of you . Thank you . I really appreciate it .
Good night , Sheldon .
Yes ?
Thank you .
What do we do now ?
I do not want to watch Saturn 3 . Deep Space Nine is better .
Compromise . Watch Babylon 5 .
I will tell you what , how about we go rock paper scissors ?
What ?
Noticed the eye patch , did you ? It is all part of a technique I have been studying for picking up women . You employ a visual display designed to make yourself distinctive and memorable .
Well , I want to watch it now .
I saw what you did there .
Hello . Hey , Howard . What is wrong ? Okay . Okay , we will be right there .
Howard is at the Mars Rover lab . He says he is in trouble . Defcon 5 .
What ?
Yeah , Star Trek V , worse than I .
Are you joking ? Star Trek V is the standard against which all badness is measured .
I got the Mars Rover stuck in a ditch .
Yeah , baby , I will be right in .
No , there were three other guys with eye patches , iIt was a fiasco . What did work was , “How had you like to visit a secret government facility ?”
I need you and Raj to help me get the Rover out of the ditch , and I need you to get Stephanie out before somebody notices she is here . She does not exactly have clearance .
My mother is so gonna love her .
Actually , I was just checking my e mail . But , uh , no , the Rover is not responding .
You could try calling Triple A , but based on NASA is latest timetable , they will not get there for 35 years .
Oh , snap .
Erase all the hard drives , scrap the surveillance tapes , wipe our fingerprints off every surface and run .
Psst ! Psst !
Well , that does sound like me , but no .
Yeah . Listen , I have to kinda sneak out for a while .
No , wait ! If anyone asks you where I went , you do not know .
I ca not tell you that .
I ca not tell you that , either .
Yeah , I really did not think this through .
What ?
I do not know . Just tell them I went to the office .
No .
Just say , Leonard went to the office .
What is ? No , not like that ! Just , Leonard went to the office .
I am going to the office .
Okay .
Okay , where is he going ?
Rock paper scissors  lizard Spock .
Oh , hey , guys .
Sheldon .
That is just ridiculous . Why are you cooperating with him ?
Did someone just feel a cold breeze ?
Sheldon ?
The possibility of life on Mars has long fascinated scientists and laypersons alike . It is unclear how the Mars Rover got into the crevice , but one thing is certain , the data which it has sent back contain the first clear indications that there may have been life on Mars . It is a scientific discovery that has staggering implications for all mankind . Unfortunately , we will never know who is responsible .
Hey , Sheldon .
I am sorry ?
What is wrong with you ? you are freaking me out .
Please do not do that .
So , this was not the awkward part ?
Oh , all right . S’u’up ?
Okay , feeling the awkward now .
Yeah , Leonard told me .
To you ?
Well , what about me ?
Well , are not you sweet ?
Yeah , I think she is pretty safe .
Really ?
I could think about you .
Always nice talking to you , Sheldon .
I am glad you are enjoying yourself .
I stand corrected .
That is very interesting .
She does not mean it . She is just being nice .
No .
Ih uh , strawberries .
Uh , Lawrence Memorial in Galveston , Texas .
You are kidding !
Why , what what what happened ?
I am sorry , you tried to build your own cat scanner ?
Uh , Sheldon ?
Do you understand that this was supposed to be a date ?
Okay , here is my question , why did you sit down ?
What landing party ?
Hi , Sheldon .
What invitation ?
Oh , clearly I could have .
No , it is fine . you know , he is sweet .
No , just sit here .
The blunt instrument that will be the focus of my murder trial ?
Stephanie Barnett is single .
It is just her facebook page and we have only been going out a couple of weeks .
Okay , I am going to make this very simple for you . You are not in this relationship , I am . Ergo , you have no say in anything that happens between me and Stephanie .
General Order 104 , Section A does not apply in this situation .
What ?
This is a door knob .
Sheldon , would you like to come in ?
No .
Sheldon , what do you want ?
He is having problems with Stephanie ?
What ?
We never got to the bedroom .
Oh , okay , all right , you know what ? I will tell you what happened . We were young , we were very much in love , but we could only communicate through a time traveling mailbox at my lake house .
I have been waiting for someone to have the talk with me .
Oh , I do not think you can .
Based on the geometric progression , his relationship with Stephanie should have ended after 20 minutes .
I will tell you what you should not do . Do not spritz him with that body spray from the commercial where the women undress when they smell it , that does not work at all , no matter how much you put on .
Oh , thank you .
No .
Well , thank you .
Yes .
What ?
Leonard , you are going to have to let this go . You had a little cheese dip , you farted , I thought it was cute .
What are you doing ?
Excuse me . What the hell is wrong with you ?
By making constipated moose sounds ?
Huh ? Would it work if I just punched you in the face ?
Oh , for god is sakes .
No , no , no , I got it .
No , I am not . I am bleeding .
Oh , okay , yeah , hang on a sec .
I ca not remember a time when you were not talking .
I did not burst into tears , my eyes just got a little watery .
Uh , no , I think that you probably need to rest .
Thank you , Dr . Cooper .
What ?
Well , then who did ?
You hacked my facebook account ?
Are you insane ? Now she is going to think I am desperate . You have destroyed this relationship ! And you want to know what the worst part is ? You do not even understand what you did wrong because you ca not conceive of something that you are not an expert in !
Really ? Oh , look at that , I have a girlfriend .
If I am permitted to speak again , Dr . Sheldon Cooper for the win .Steph : I do not see anything at all , Sheldon .
Me , too .
Yup , there is no inflammation at all , Sheldon .
Maybe it is a lingering bacterial infection from all those childhood toilet swirlies .
Okay , I will be right in .
Do you understand that Stephanie is not here to treat your imaginary ailments ?
Good night .
No , you are not .
Thank you .
We are not living together .
That is absurd .
Wait , I only initialed it because I never thought it would happen ! I initialed another clause naming you my sidekick in case I get superpowers .
I am going to bed .
No , absolutely not .
Hi , Sheldon .
Oh come on ! Sheldon , we do not ask questions like that .
He did very nicely .
She is heard about you because we are , you know , involved and you have not heard about her because… I never slept with her , I swear !
Thank you , Sheldon .
Look , I am just saying , um , Penny is one of our many neighbours , you know , and in our building , neighbours come and go , it is very casual , no dress code . In fact , some mornings I will just mosey down to the third floor in my pyjamas and have cereal with Mrs . Vartabedian .
Bye .
You know , she seems very nice .
Roommate ? You guys are living together ?
We are not living together .
Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
Where did you get the stethoscope and the blood pressure cuff ?
Thank you .
I am kinda busy here , Sheldon .
A cardiac stress test , a full body MRI , an electromyogram , a CBC , baseline glucose , upper GI ?
Go home , Sheldon .
Oh , no .
You were right . Your larynx is terribly inflamed . I mean , I have never seen anything like it .
You are going to need to stop talking immediately .
Hiney ?
What if he gets something Kryptonian on it ?
I do not know . Kryptonian mustard .
Yeah , what about Kryptonian pit stains ?
Booya .
It is David Underhill . So what ?
I have two words for you . The first is big , the other is whoop .
That does not count . Do over ! Do over !
There are always do overs when my people play sports .
Actually , I was…
Come on , it is just a video game . And we suck at it .
No , we play Rock Band on our X Box .
Hey , Sheldon , are you and Leonard putting up a Christmas tree ?
Gather round , kids , it is time for Sheldon is beloved Christmas special .
Okay , well , thank you for that , but I got you and Leonard a few silly neighbour gifts , so I will just put them under my tree .
Uh huh .
I do not know . ‘Cause it is Christmas ?
Now , honey , it is okay .You do not have to get me anything in return .
Okay , you know what ? Forget it . I am not giving you a present .
Sheldon , I am very , very sorry .
See ya . ‘Bye , Penny . Have fun .
Sheldon , if you do not like this stuff , let is just go next door and build her a bear .
Come on , bath stuff , it is perfect ! You got a scented candle , a cleansing buff , spearmint and green tea scented bath oil , promotes relaxation .
Excuse me , we are ready .
This one . Let is go .
I am sorry . Uh , this one . Let is go !
Yes ?
Excuse me ?
That is funny . By the way , my leg is killing me . Thanks for asking .
Yippee .
Brilliant .
Do whatever you want .
Very good , thanks for asking . Come on in .
Okay , here .
Turn it over .
Yeah , he came into the restaurant . Sorry the napkin is dirty . He wiped his mouth with it .
Well , yeah , yeah , I guess . But look , he signed it .
Okay , all I am giving you is the napkin , Sheldon .
Sheldon ! What did you do ? !
Featuring one articulated razor sharp killing saw , one polycarbonate grinding and flipping wheel , steel armour plate exoskeleton top and bottom , and enough horsepower to drive a 110 pounds of mechanized death from zero to holy crap in 4 .8 seconds .
Okay . Ooh , perhaps today is the day we finally find out what is inside the Magic Eight Ball .
How about the toaster oven ?
Gentlemen , goggles .
Yeah , well , it almost killed me .
So , who exactly does it want to kill ?
Look , normally I can just ignore you . I mean , I get it , you are a little peculiar . You know , like Sheldon .
Yes , we did , Kripke .
Come on , is that really necessary ?
Oh , snap .
What difference does it make ? Fat is fat .
Tell you what , forget the S .C .aw .F .L .aw .aw .I , let is settle this woboto a woboto .
There is no guawantee we have gotta go against each other in the Wound Wobin , so let is thwow down . You know , unless you are afwaid .
Tomowow , thwee o’clock , the kinetics wab .
Sheldon , we have to call it off .
Oh , please , we have spent our whole lives running away from fights . Personally , I can squeeze through a hole in a fence half my size .
Sheldon , did we all not just watch the same video ? Kripke is robot just had angry sex with a mid sized automobile .
Not yet .
Neat . Good work . Sheldon , we have got to call this off .
But , Sheldon , we do not have a chance . The only improvement you were able to make on the robot was to put fresh batteries in the remote .
That is not overconfidence , that is observation .
Are you cwazy ? This is a stweet fight , the stweet has no rules .
I will , however , give you the opportunity to concede my supewiowity now and offer me your wobot as the spoils of war .
That could be easily awanged . Weady , set , go ?
Come on , Sheldon , you got this .
Go , go , go , go !
Well , so much for making up for the emotional wounds of childhood .
Yeah . They sucker punch you when your eyes are closed .
Oh , no . A little electrical tape , some solder . Are you insane ? I have seen space probes that crashed into the desert that were in better shape than this .
Sheldon , honey , are not you getting a little carried away ? I mean , it is just a toy robot .
I know , I got it . Sheldon , I am sorry .Raj : Mmm , gentlemen , I put it to you , the worst tapioca pudding is better than the best pudding of any other flavour .
Ah , no kidding ! A Fu Man Chu ? A handlebar pencil ?
Alright Sheldon , why is tapioca…
Feel better now ?
Fo’ shizzle .
Good luck getting time on it . The only people he lets use it are his friends .
Yeah ?
I would say , I have no intewest in becoming your fwiend .
Yeah , I will do that .
Oh come on , really ?
Hello Sheldon .
What is this ?
Yes . Well , that is a good question . But is this really the best way to figure it out ?
Okay , question 1 . Rank the following aspects of Sheldon Cooper in order of appeal . Intelligence . Ruthless attention to hygiene . Playfulness . Java applet writing ?
Wait ! How many questions are on this thing ?
Thanks pal .
Sheldon honey , did you ever consider making friends by being , I do not know , pleasant ?
I answered every question Sheldon .
Aw , you picked up on that huh ?
Come on ! There is over 200 questions . And look at some of these things . Sheldon is to camaraderie , as the space shuttle is to blank ?
Hold on . I put some real work into that !
It is kinda cute , until you get to the scrotum .
Sheldon , I am not going to defend a big balled raccoon .
What I am trying to say is that , maybe you ca not approach this as a purely intellectual exercise .
Well , remember when you tried to learn how to swim using the internet ?
On the floor .
Then why learn how to swim ?
No ! no , my point is , if you want to learn how to make friends , then just go out to a coffee shop or a museum . Meet people . Talk to them . Take an interest in their lives .
Where are we going ?
Thank you .
Family .
Okay , if you are gonna start sniffing people , I am gonna go get a hot pretzel .
Um , yeah but they are all for little kids .
Uh , I guess . They are right over there by the wooden train set .
I do not like birds , they scare me .
Curious George .
Curious George is a monkey .
Sheldon , what are you doing ?
Rebecca .
No you are not , let is go .
Damn it . I had Lysine and changed it .
Hear him out . If he is really on to something , we can open a booth at Comic Con , make a fortune .
Yes , he is new at the zoo .
I can fix it .
Gee . Why ca not Sheldon make friends ?
Nope , I wanna climb some wocks .
You afwaid of heights , Cooper ?
Come on , they have birthday parties here . Wittle kids climb this .
Let is go , Cooper .
Hey , look at you , Cooper . You are almost halfway to the top .
You alwight there , Cooper ?
Are you saying you are stuck ?
Understood all that . I am not a mowon . Just keep going .
Well , then . Cwimb back down .
So what is the pwan , Cooper ?
It is a little thing but you really do miss it .
He passed out . Just hung there like a big sawami .
Sheldon , are you okay ?
What is that ?
Me , me . Let it be me .
Can I whistle ?
Guilty as charged . I am out .
Okay . You know what ? I see where this is going . I am not one of you guys . I am not a scientist . So just…
He had Lysine but changed it .
Suddenly I am looking pretty good , huh ?
No .
I am sowy . No , my fwiend ?
No , that is wong . There is an official schedule . I have no contwol over it .
He almost made it to the top this time .Leonard : Hmmm .
We have got to be missing something . Let is start again . The movie is playing here at 7 :20 , here at 7 :40 , here at 8 :10 and here at 8 :45 .
Why ? They are state of the art digital projection , 20 channel surround sound .
What about the multiplex here ? The seats are terrific .
We could eat after the movie .
Wow . I do not see how we missed that .
Sheldon , would you be prepared , on a non precedential basis , to create an emergency ad hoc Slurpie Icee equivalency ?
Later , dude .
Ooh , ooh , shut the door , shut the door .
Just do it !  Get inside and shut the door .
Is Leonard around ?
The building manager is showing an apartment downstairs , and I have not paid my rent .
It is no big deal . I am just a little behind on my bills because they cut back my hours at the restaurant and my car broke down .
Well the “check engine” light is fine . It is still blinking away . It is the stupid engine that stopped working . It cost me like twelve hundred dollars to fix it .
Yes , it occurs to me , too .
Wow , you got a lot of money in there .
Do not be silly .
No , I ca not .
Well , yeah , but…
But what if you need it ?
Really ? I mean , are you sure ?
Are they working on that ?
Okay . Well , thank you . Oh , God , no , I ca not . Sheldon honey , I do not want things to be weird between us .
I will pay you back as soon as I can .
Interesting .
Do I have to ?
Why ?
Great . I hope I am a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory for my whole life .
No .
Yes .
Stop it !
Oh , thanks . This must be the beret I ordered . A couple of months ago . It was back ordered .
Okay , whatever . It is not like I am running up and down the streets just buying myself berets . I bought one , like , a month ago , and it was back ordered , look , it finally arrived , all right ?
Weird .
Did you guys have an argument ?
Well , you clearly did something to aggravate her .
It was fourteen fifty , but it is okay .
Yes , dinner is here , and I am having some . I am having takeout food .
You are damn right it is okay . I have been having leftovers at the restaurant for like four days , and I wanted something different . So sue me .
Going home , where I will not be interrogated like a criminal . I forgot my fortune cookie .
Hey , you guys want to go on a real live quest ?
You guys are unbelievable , you play a game to simulate adventure , but when there is real adventure out there in the real world , you just wimp out .
I do .
I am not afraid of him .
Excuse me . When Frodo left the Shire to take the one ring to Mordor , did not Samwise , Pippin and Merry go with him ?
Well ?
Guys , there are four of us and one of him .
No . What do you want ?
Sheldon , not now .
No , the problem is not solved . He just blew us off .
Maybe if you are working on a tuna boat .
Sheldon , here is your money . Thank you very much . It helped a lot .
No .
Bye .
Penny is hooking up with her jerk of an ex boyfriend and I have indelible ink on my forehead !
Ca not we just postpone it till the spring ? Maybe next summer ?
No , I did not realize it had been so long . Sure , I guess there is no other choice but to just go ahead and do it .
Are not there any other options ? There is not a lot of room , it is gonna be uncomfortable .
I will start again .
Oh , I do not know where he would have gotten that . Aside from a pro forma consummation of our marriage , his father and I only had intercourse for the purposes of reproduction .
Yes , we think so . We have both done papers on it . Mine from the neuroscientific point of view and his from an anthropological . Mine , of course , was the only one worth reading .
Here is your tea , Mother . So , what are you guys talking about ?
I am sorry , it is on my other laptop .
His heart stopped beating . I have to urinate .
Yeah I , I thought you guys might hit it off .
I hate to tell you , but the only warm memories I have of my childhood are of my Uncle Floyd .
Sheldon , you do not give your mother enough credit . She is warm , she is loving , she does not glue electrodes to your head to measure your brain waves while potty training .
You know the rules . You brought your mom to work , you must suffer .
Oh , the middle stall was occupied . I will have to try again later .
But it is one o’clock , you were going to show me your laboratory at one o’clock .
You always say that , but we never do .
Your scan data will be very elpful to my research . You have a remarkable brain .
Common complaint among men . Nothing is ever big enough , except when they get a tumour . Then you never hear the end of it .
Oh , I will send you a link , but its physiology is fairly unimpressive .
Your unwillingness to accept empirical evidence suggests an attempt at flattery .
Understandable .
I doubt it , but if anyone has a chance , it is probably you .
I feel very comfortable around you , too .
Nor I .
Is that a rhetorical point or would you like to do the math ?
Right . Ah ! Where is the lime ?  Oh , okay , we are sharing .
I am very tempted . I am just not sure it is appropriate with my son is roommate .
True . I have had a similar observation . It is certainly something I could never do with my husband .
I see what you are doing . You are appealing to the neuroscientific researcher in me .
But what about the creek bed ?
Well , that is it then , we are doomed .
I told you my mom has spider veins , I had to take her to the laser clinic .
No , that should not be a problem , Venus is up during the day . They are probably just all staring at the sky .
Why do not I run away and you cover me ?
Yeah , more cutbacks .
You know what baffles me , Sheldon ?
Yeah , okay , but what is with the back scratching and the meow !
Thank you .
Are you done ?
In the paintball shed ! Twice !
Oh , yeah , sorry about that .
How can I calm down ? I am gonna lose my whole shopping cart . That is three hours of picking out shoes just shot to hell .
Hello , Sheldon .
Are you planning on sitting here ?
Then what difference does it make ?
Here we go .
Fine .   Happy ?
Sheldon ! How was the comic book store ?
Great , great . Did you walk the whole way ? It is a little chilly .
Is not that terrific ? He is such a good friend . You know what the best thing about friends is ?
Do not you dare , missy .
What do you mean ?
Why do not you just eat in your desk chair ?
Here we go .
You know , there is kind of an obvious solution here .  Get up .  There . Problem solved .  Nobody cares where you are going to sit . You are not crazy .
Sheldon , I am really , really sorry , but it is only for a week . Ca not you be a little bit flexible ? Yeah , sorry . I did not really think that through .
Why not ?
Oh , for God is sake , Sheldon .
Why are you crouching there ?
Really ? Great . Sheldon , look . Good as new .
Come on , Sheldon . Just give it a try .
There , nice and comfy cosy . Zero , zero , zero .
Sit on the damn couch .
Penny , Penny , I think I know what to do . Sheldon , I have some bad news .
I am afraid so . You know the cashew chicken I get you Monday nights ?
Szechuan Palace closed two years ago .
Golden Dragon .
Yeah , well , before they went out of business , I bought 4 ,000 containers . I keep them in the trunk of my car .
I thought that might take his mind off the cushion .
Oh , God , I wish I had .
Yeah , buddy ?
Okay . Now , we all run out . Sheldon and I will cut to the left behind these trees . Raj , Howard and Leslie flank to the right behind the rocks . Then we will all have a great view as Penny runs out and kills everyone else in sight .
What the hell ?
Sheldon , Penny was our only hope .
Screw that .
He is right . You ca not .
Where are you going ?Howard : Okay , Raj , hand me the number six torque screwdriver .
Sheldon , you have two choices . Either you let him put a bigger hard drive in the TiVo , or you delete stuff before we go out of town .
Oh , I love San Francisco . I wish I was going with you .
Of course I have not .
It is kind of a funny name , though , Smoot .
Yeah , I wish .
Well , we had a vote . Three of us voted for airplane , Sheldon voted for train , so we are taking the train .
Hey , we are all going over to the Apple store to make fun of the guys at the Genius Bar . You want to come ?
What are you doing ?
Well , that does sound much simpler . How long is this going to take ?
Wow . Teasing the guys at the Apple store seems a little redundant now .
I would not expect you to . I will see you later .
Whatever it is , I am guessing we are doing it wrong .
What is wrong with Jiffy Lubes ?
Why not ?
Sheldon , we have been on this train 90 seconds , and you have already said a thousand words . Just tell us where to sit and shut up .
It is not so bad , really . At least these trains have modern plumbing . In India , you squat over a hole in the train and expose your naked buttocks to the chilly air of Rajasthan .
Maybe John Connor is aboard and she is protecting him from an evil Terminator .
Thank you .
At least he is off the train crap .
My money is on tuck and roll .
Sheldon , let me explain to you how this works .
That is Summer Glau .
Sheldon , is there a place on this train to get alcohol ?
Yeah yeah , which way ?
You are going to need more than 11 hours .
What is the matter ?
So ?
Okay , Sheldon , I am going to say why and your answer cannot be because I forgot my flash drive .
Why do you have to give your paper to George Smoot ?
So you will send him an e mail when we get back .
Right . Of course .
Well , there is nothing you can do about it , so relax , sit back , enjoy the clickety clack of the steel wheels on the polished rails .
It is hot in here . Must be Summer .  So , where you gals headed ?
I have got a better idea .
Boy , you take all the fun out of it for me .  But look , Penny is home . Why do not we just call her , have her go in the apartment , get your flash drive and e mail you the paper ?
So ?
So ?
So ?
I see . Well , it seems once again , you are caught between a rock and a crazy place .
Just a sec .  The theatre is above a bowling alley , so it is a little noisy , but it might be the only chance I will ever get to play Anne Frank . And the director is brilliant . He uses the bowling sounds as , like , Nazi artillery . Okay , great , I will see you then .  Hello ?
Your dresser ? Who is this ?
Oh , hey , Sheldon ! How is San Francisco ?
Uh , no , I was talking to my friend , but what is up ?
He is calling to ask you a favour . You might be confused because he did not use the words , Penny , Sheldon , please or favour .
Oh , hang on , Sheldon , getting another call .
You mean one of the hopeless geeks ? No . Those are crazy people . Howard , be a dear and get me another one of these . Now , him , he is one of those geeks .
Placebo , you say . Interesting .
Okay , I got a box , but there is no key in here . Just letters .
Oh , Sheldon , are these letters from your grandmother ?
Oh , look , she calls you Moon Pie . That is so cute .
Thank you .
What up , Moon Pie ?
Okay , I found the box . Now what ?
Hang on . Sheldon , do you have any emotional attachment to this box ?
Okay . Great . Now , can I take one where it looks like we are making out ?
Too bad . You know the rules of Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Chess . Uh , Leonard died again , Sheldon . You are up .
Why ?
So ?
Hey , Sheldon .
I know . You are safe .
Oh , great , my rhinestones . Thank you .
What ?
What is it ?
Sheldon , it is just a box of rhinestones .
It means nothing to anybody . Come here , let me show you what I am doing .
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . Look , look , look ! I started a business .
No , I am making flower barrettes . See ? I call them Penny Blossoms . I made one for myself , then all the girls at work wanted one . Then I showed some to this lady who runs a shop in Old Town . She sells cards and homemade jewellery . She said she wanted to sell them . I said okay , and in one week , I made a $156 .
Sheldon , do not you get it ? If this takes off , I will not have to be a waitress anymore .
Another waitress .
I do not know .
Nancy . Her name is Nancy .
Fine , cheeseburger .
So , what do you think ? I mean , this could be a business , right ?
About twenty .
I do not know , like , 50 cents . I am not sure .
That is all ?
Well , I do not have to pay taxes on this stuff .
And you know about that stuff ?
Who is Radiohead ?
Sheldon , hold on . Could you maybe show me how to make more money with this ?
Sheldon , wait ! Will you ?
Yes .
I understand .
Okay .
Oh , imagine that .
There . Done .
Pretty good , right ?
A day ?
That just ca not be right .
No , sorry .
Oh , God , no , no . Just please tell me what to do about it .
Okay , you know what , if I am not allowed to be snide , you are not allowed to be condescending .
All right , fine . How are we supposed to set up machines and conveyor belts in my apartment ?
W W Wait , what is going on ?
Terrific , but that kind of raises more questions than it answers .
Hold on . What are you using as a bonding agent ?
You are kidding . Any of the cyanoacrylates would do a better job .
What if we infused the bottom layer with silicone RTV to provide a better mounting surface ?
Well , there are the waitresses at my work , and this cute , little shop in Old Town .
She had need some kind of industrial cooling system .
Actually , I am thinking about this one stripper named Vega . But sure , calcium sulphate could work .
I have got a spaghetti strainer in the kitchen .
Hey , we could liberate some micro porous charcoal from the chem lab .
Well , what is wrong with my apartment ?
Okay , what is wrong with it ?
Please . Dateline could use it to attract predators .
You want to fire me ?
Thank you , Penny Blossoms . These will be perfect to cover my bald spot . Aww , that is so sweet .
We add Bluetooth !
Wait a minute , wait a minute , you want to make a hair barrette with Bluetooth ?
The Fifth Annual East Rutherford , New Jersey , Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual and Transgender Alliance Luau .
And I will bet lesbians love Bluetooth .
Okay , well , I am gonna have to call them and cancel the order .
I just do not see how see can pull this off .
They did not quit . They were massacred by , like , a gazillion angry Mexicans .
Oh , God , we are never gonna finish in time . Who made Sheldon the s anyway ?
So ?
Nicely done .
Honey , do you want some coffee ?
Come on , but if you do not stay awake we will never finish in time .
Sheldon , we still have 380 of these things to make .
Yeah , no . But , Sheldon , without your insight and leadership this entire enterprise will surely fail .
Here , this will help .
We are all out .
Yes ! Penny : Okay , it is done . Look , guys , for the future , I do not mind killing the big spiders , but you have to at least try with the little ones .
Sheldon , it is not that bad .
Shh shh shh !
No !
Why would you just say something like that ?
Slowly , like putting a new fish in a tank . You do not just drop it in , you let the bag sit in the water a while .
Sheldon , I am sure it is going to be fine .
Okay , honey , did you even know the people that are moving out ?
Well , I am sure the new people will be just as quiet .
I am sorry , that really is how it works .
You get to choose between a mountain bike or a PS3 .
Stay calm , we do not know anything about them yet . What are you doing ?
The box says kitchen .
Hello .
Hello .
Yeah , it is .
Hello .
Freakishly feline ?
Sheldon…
You are making her uncomfortable .
What ? !
I have no immediate plans .
Pro ?
Yes ?
I can see .
Oh , yeah , I do not usually dress like this . I am going jogging .
I can start .
Thank you , Sheldon .
See ya . I am dressed like a slob today , too .
Hey .
Well , sort of .
I bought new clothes , okay ? Is Leonard around ?
Oh . all right , that is cool , no biggie . He said he had help me set up my printer , but I guess I can wait . What exactly is he doing up there ?
Oh , they are all up there , huh ? Hmm , typical .
Okay , now I see the giant squid head .
Hello there
Well , they are all still up there .
I do not even know why I care . I do not care . All right , I cared enough to memorize that stupid joke , but that is all I care .
What are you saying , that I am threatened by Alicia ? That I am like the old queen of the hive and it is just time for me to go ?
No , no occasion , just felt like getting some Chinese chow for my peeps .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes
…chinese food right here .
I cannot believe they are letting her just use them like that . I mean , anything she wants , they go panting after her like trained dogs . You know that just last week , she had Howard drive all the way to her uncle is house in Orange County to pick up her TV ?
Apples and oranges here , Sheldon . I am telling you , that girl is a user , iceskating through the life on her looks , taking advantage of innocent weak willed men , getting auditions for stupid network shows . It creams my corn .
Please .
I like green lantern , I am just saying it is pretty lame that He can be defeated by the colour yellow .
Well , dead whore on TV , live one in real life .
Problem ?
Here we go .
Yes , but we all agreed that the third Thursday of every month would be Anything Can Happen Thursday .
Come on , the whole idea behind Anything Can Happen Thursday is to get out of this rut we have been in lately .
Sheldon , we agreed we had do something different tonight .
We went to the comic book store last night .
Really ? Are you familiar with the Drake Equation ?
You heard that , Ladies’ Night ladies ? We are eventually coming for you !
Oh hey , guys , where are you headed ?
You got me . While you are there , could pick me up a few comics for my nephew is birthday ?
I do not know , he is 13 . Just pick out anything .
Spider Man . Get him Spider Man .
Ugh , that is what I was trying to avoid .
Unlikely . Here , what about this one for my nephew ?
Oh , great .
What is a multiverse ?
Let it go , Sheldon .
Yes , but I saw it from the front .
Oh , come on ! I need this for my Batman collection .
Rock Paper Scissors Lizard Spock ?
You let go .
Problem ?
It is my comic book !
I have got to learn how to draw . Hey !
All right . So , um , just give me a call .
Apparently so .
No .
When did you pick up on that ?
Sure , why not ?
Gee , thanks a lot .
I do not need any insights . I just want to know why Penny is more interested in Stuart than me . We are practically the same guy .
You are right , I really should be asking strangers on the Internet .
It is Friday night , that means Chinese food and vintage video games , right ?
Oh , you think coffee , means coffee , that is so sweet . Come on , I think I have decaf .
Sheldon , we are a little busy here , so…
We are having coffee .
What is up ?
Oh yeah . Those guys can be very stubborn . What is the topic ?
Ooh , Sheldon , I am afraid you could not be more wrong .
Of course it is . It is a little wrong to say a tomato is a vegetable , it is very wrong to say it is a suspension bridge . But returning to the original issue , Dick Grayson became Nightwing , a superhero in his own right . Batman 2 has to be the second Robin , Jason Todd .
Oh , great !
I am sorry , but you are obviously stuck in a pre Zero Hour DC universe .
Okay , you can throw all the French around you want , it does not make you right .
Plus , you are forgetting that the Infinite Crisis storyline restored Joe Chill to the Batman mythology .
Okay , look , Sheldon , it is late and I have got to get some sleep .
No , I am tired .
Fine . You win .
Penny , I really had a terrific time . Penny ?
You got it .
Leslie Winkle . You have reached friends with benefits . For a booty call , press one now .
No . Look , imagine you maintained a friendship with someone you had sex with , but you were free to date whoever you wanted .
Alright , back to the game .
Are you Spock ?
She dumped me !
I do not know . She just said Howard , momma is a rolling stone . And then her call waiting beeped and she was gone .
I do not want to go anywhere .
Hey , Sheldon , are you coming ?
Hello , Sheldon .
Great .
Really ? Are you drunk ?
That is Superman is big ice thing , right ?
Mmm , what smells so good ?
Yum . Well , enjoy your big evening .
Have fun , Sheldon .
Hang on , I think the emergency key is around here somewhere .
So , how did the beautiful mind of Sheldon Cooper forget his key in the first place .
Oh oh . I just remembered where the emergency key is .
In your apartment .
Well , I went in there a few weeks ago when you guys were not home , and I forgot it there .
It is not a big deal , I was making coffee and I ran out of milk .
Alright , Sheldon , let is just calm down and we will call the building manager , he will come open your door , you just eat your dinner here while you are waiting .
Yeah , why not ?
Suppose it would not hurt to get an estimate .
Are you trying to make small talk ? Oh , sweetie , you really do not have to .
Well , uh , they shifted my schedule around at the restaurant so my hours are going to be a little different…
Uh , actually , if it is not too much to ask , could we have the Jewish girlfriend experience .
Oh , God , I do not know Sheldon , are you Star Wars ?
Okay , I give up , can we just do something else ?
What ?
Where did that even come from , did he say we were ?
No , just mail , no benefits .
Why are you asking ?
Well , some people just ca not handle that kind of relationship .
Excuse me ?
Sheldon , I really do not want to talk about this with you .
Of course it is making me uncomfortable , ca not you tell ?
I am uncomfortable , Sheldon !
I do not think the manager is coming tonight so , here .
Well , it was not the first suggestion that came to mind , but it is the one I am going with .
What ?
Oh , alright . I will give you my bed on one condition . That you promise to zip your hole for the next eight hours .
Only if it does not rhyme .
Thank you !
What ?
Maybe that is because your hole is still open .
Your home is twenty feet from here .
Damn it . What do you want me to do
That is only for when you are sick .
Come on , do I really have to ?
Soft kitty , warm kitty , little ball of fur . Happy kitty , um…
Sleepy ki…
Soft kitty , warm kitty , little ball of fur . Happy kitty , sleepy kitty , purr , purr , purr .
Yeah .
Oh , you are welcome sweetie .
What were you doing at Penny is ?
Is that supposed to be funny ?
He is right . This is an important achievement , for two reasons . Number one , and , of course , number two .
Here , Sheldon , I pulled the new Hellboy for you . It is mind blowing .
I did not spoil anything .
I am sorry .
‘Cause we are going out again tomorrow .
No .
Oh . It is Stuart .
He wants to talk about Penny . I do not want to talk about Penny .
Why would he call me ?
I am not answering the phone , Sheldon .
No ! There , it went to voice mail .
No .
It must be hell inside your head .
Guys , we have a code red .
It is gonna fail after about ten flushes .
Yeah , see , that is the code red . It is kind of like a jack in the box , no one knows exactly when , but at some point something way worse than a puppet is gonna pop out of that box .
I am trying , but you have to admit this is pretty damn funny .
You mean so it does not hit the fan ?
It was not bad advice . It just was not particularly helpful .
Of course you feel terrible . You completely screwed up your karma , dude .
Okay , look . Instead of trying to reinforce this structure here , what if we just ran another line , bypass it entirely ?
What if we reposition the collection tank ?
Okay , here is an idea . What if I change my name and go live with my cousin and her husband Avi in Israel ?
Hang on , I think I have got this . Help me see if we can wedge this little piece of PVC behind the support rod .
Sheldon , I know what I am doing .
Comic book store .
Hold on , you can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space .
Damn right it is heavy , it is my mother is meat loaf , it is been testing toilets for generations .
Okay , simulated zero gravity human waste disposal test with meat loaf analog in three , two , one .
Well , they have deployed our solution . Let is just all hope it works .
ISS , I am afraid we ca not authorize that .
What ?
Then what was oh , boy ?
There is nothing wrong with the science here .
Okay , how is that ?
Why ?
Yes , how did we live before Twitter ? I guess you will find out what it is in the morning .
Sheldon , it is two o’clock in the morning .
Everybody ?
You went to President Seibert is house in the middle of the night ?
You could have waited until morning . I know , look who I am talking to .
Hardly a day goes by when I do not think about it .
Wait a minute . He offered to send you to the North Pole ?
Okay , well , do you want to go ?
Sure , maybe a tableau of me trying to pummel you to death .
Maybe .
Easy peasy , I am doing it right now .
Well , then do not go .
All right , then go .
Sheldon , what are the words I can say right now to end this conversation and let me go back to sleep ?
How was it resolved ?
Our dreams are very small , are not they ?
Yeah ! Woo hoo !
Godspeed .
Ooh , I do not like where this is going .
To the North Pole ?
Is this just so we will not touch your stuff while you are away ?
Really ?
Well , I am a Hindu . My religion teaches that if we suffer in this life we are rewarded in the next . Three months at the North Pole with Sheldon and I am reborn as a well hung billionaire with wings !
Oh , damn it . Peer pressure . Fine .
Sheldon .
Sheldon .
Sheldon .
What do you want ?
Now , honey , I already told you , the hamburger meat is fresh and stored at a safe temperature .
What ?
You are all going ?
For three months ?
Excuse me .
Oh , hey , no , you do not have to apologize . There is no reason you have to tell me . I was just , you know , surprised .
Yeah .
Did she seem upset to you ?
No .
A little bit .
I mean , I know she is not my girlfriend or anything , but would not you think she had feel a little bad that I am going to be gone for the whole summer ?
For this I went to MIT .
I ca not press any of the buttons with my gloves . Oh , son of a bitch !
Me either .
Hang on , I know I do not possess the tools of leadership , but I do not understand why we ca not assemble the equipment inside the hut and then take it outside .
What is it ?
Okay , why ?
Sheldon , you know I ca not eat butter . I am lactose intolerant .
So , she has no problem with her son being eaten by a walrus ?
Sheldon , Sheldon ?
Sheldon , it is me .
Listen , I do not know if I can go on the expedition .
I do not think I can go to the North Pole .
Yeah , that is very comforting .
Terrific , it is just that I do not think Penny wants me to go .
Not exactly . But she said she was gonna miss me and she gave me this .
It is a blanket with sleeves .
Yes , obviously .
Yes , okay , but I am gonna be gone for three months . What if she does not miss me that long and she meets someone else ?
So , I ca not go .
You really think so ?
We are out of ice .
Yeah , wow .
Dinner is ready !
Reconstituted Thai food .
Check .
Check .
Uh , oh , sorry .
It was like a snowy nightmare from which there was no awakening .
I am going to go let Penny know we are back .
Yeah , it was first come , first served .
Thanks .
We have to tell him .
Damn his Vulcan hearing .
Okay , Sheldon , sit down .
Yeah , we will keep that in mind , look , we need to talk to you about something that happened at the North Pole .
And we agreed to never speak of it again .
That is why I added the tator . And then when we found our first positive data , you were so happy .
He just went colon , capital O .
It was the only way to keep you from being such a huge Dickensian . You see that ? I added the ensian .
Actually , it was his idea .
Me , neither . Except for one night when the heat went out . Long story , it is… do not ask .
Do not make a sound .
Damn his Vulcan hearing . Not a good time , Sheldon .
Oh , this is ridiculous . What ?
It is great to see you too . Come on in .
Okay , can someone please tell me what is going on here ?
Because when he was not happy , we wanted to kill him . There was even a plan . We were going to throw his Kindle outside , and when he went to get it , lock the door and let him freeze to death .
No , the overreaction was the plan to tie your limbs to four different sled dog teams and yell mush . Look , we kept the original data . You can still publish the actual results .
Aw , see , yeah , you probably should not have done that . So write another e mail , set the record straight , it is no big deal .
Hey . Do you want to talk ?
Oh , hon… Uh…   Soft kitty , warm kitty…
Oh . Sorry . I do not know your sad song .
Well , you know , I do understand what you are going through .
Well , no , but when I was a senior in high school , one of my friends heard I was going to be named head cheerleader . Oh , I was so excited . My mom even made me a celebration pie . Then they named stupid Valerie Mossbacher head cheerleader . Big ol’ slutbag .
Well , they are pretty tasty .
Look , Sheldon , I just do not think that the guys and Leonard really meant to hurt you . You know ? They just told an unfortunate lie to deal with a difficult situation . Okay , you know what it is like ? Remember that scene in the new Star Trek movie when Kirk has to take over the ship , so he tells Spock all that stuff he knew was not true , like saying Spock did not care his mom died ?
Sheldon , why are you sitting by yourself ?
Come on . We said we were sorry .
Hey , Cooper . Wead your wetwaction e mail . Way to destroy your weputation .
That is not twue . People have been pointing and waughing at you your whole wife .
Off a cwiff .
Compwetely wecked .
Yeah , but wesearch into Dark Energy pwoved that Einstein is cosmowogical constant was actually wight all along , so you are still , surpwise , surpwise , a woser .
Here you go , Shelly .
Hold your horses , young man . Here in Texas , we pray before we eat .
This is not California , land of the heathen . Gimme . By His hand we are all…
Give us , Lord , our daily…
Please know that we are truly…
For every cup and every…
Amen . Now , that was not so hard , was it ?
Whatever . Jesus still loves you .
Oh , I know how to take care of my baby . His eyes came out a little thin , but you can just pretend he is Chinese . So , do you want to talk about what happened with you and your little friends ?
All right . If you recall , when you were little , we sat right here at this very spot and we talked about some of the problems you had getting along with the neighbour kids .
Oh , good . I have been praying for you . Oh , Sheldon .
You watch your mouth , Shelly . Everyone is entitled to their opinion .
And that is your opinion .
Totally .Howard : Sheldon , you are wrong . Wolverine was not born with bone claws .
Give it up , dude , you are arguing with a crazy person .
Okay , who had Leonard flames out with Penny in less than 24 hours” ?
What is there to learn ? You get naked , do nasty things to each other , then somebody makes scrambled eggs and salami . Easy peasy .
Okay , who had Leonard gets a floppy disk ?
That is because in your dreams you are a horse from the waist down .
Sheldon , dinner is here .
No , we went somewhere new .
No , look , Mumbai Palace .
I do not know
Duh duh duh duh duh duh .
Penny , wait . Aagh ! What is wrong with you ?
Whatever , dude . The point is , Leonard is got one and you do not .
Sounds like a cricket .
Oh , give me a frickin’ break . How could you possibly know that ?
How do you know what the exact temperature of the room is ?
Okay , you were right about Wolverine and bone claws , but you are wrong about the cricket .
Oh , dude , you are never getting a shiksa goddess .
Okay , okay , tell you what . I am willing to bet anything that is an ordinary field cricket .
What is the matter , you chicken ?
Chickens ca not climb trees
Okay , I believe a chicken made you his bitch . But the cricket thing , I do not buy . Bet me .
I will put up my Fantastic Four number 48 , first appearance of Silver Surfer against your Flash 123 , the classic Flash of two worlds issue .
Hit me .
Hallway .
Shh ! Elevator shaft .
Are you crazy ? We ca not go down an empty elevator shaft .
Let is open her up .
Do not push me , Sheldon . I may be small , but I took kung fu when I was 13 , and I remember a good deal of it .
Be careful .
Stairwell .
Ugh , Toby , what did you do in a past life to be so disgusting now ?
What would you name him ?
All right , Sheldon , here we go , Kleingast is Field Guide to North American Insects . Hey , Toby . Right here , see it ? The common field cricket , aka Gryllus assimilis , which is Latin for suck it , you lose .
What happened ?
Shiksa . Shik sa .
Yeah , fine , whatever . The point is , you are wrong again .
Yeah , well , I do not like bugs , okay ? They freak me out .
Do not knock . Just walk in . Why be polite to the world is leading expert on the dung beetle ?
Who wants to know ?
Could not wait , huh ?
I am from New Delhi . Maybe you should find another entomologist .
Toby ? What a stupid name for a cricket .
Yes !
Young man , I have been studying insects since I was eight years old . You know what they used to call me in school ? Creepy Crawley .
Let me show you something . See that ? That is a Crawley is dung beetle . I discovered it after spending six months slogging through a Bornean rain forest , while my wife was back home shacking up with a two bit ornithologist who lives on a sailboat and likes to wear boot cut jeans ! So , when I tell you that that is a common field cricket , you can take that to the damn bank ! Cause God knows I ca not . That tramp took me for everything !
Oh , hey , Sheldon . What you got there ? A new comic book ?
What do you have a safe deposit box for ?
What , do they have Wii cricket now ? That ca not be very popular .
Well , if it makes you feel any better , I am not feeling so hot either .
I do not know , empathy ? Anyway , I am just saying that you are feeling upset about something with Howard , and I am upset about something with Leonard .
What is Mrs . Riley is chicken ?
Okay , forget the chicken .
No , no . You may be right about me and Leonard .
No , I mean , we can always go back to being friends .
Hey . What is going on ?
Wait a minute . You talked to Penny about our sex life ?
Right , right . You are saying you talked to Penny ?
Interesting .
Excuse me .
Little bit .
Morning , Sheldon . Come dance with me .
Why not ?
Are you fun in any of them ?
All right , want some French toast ?
Tell you what , next French Toast Day , I will make you oatmeal .
Morning .
Sorry . I have not given her your schedule yet .
We did , but there were extenuating circumstances .
No , her bed kind of… broke .
Sorry . Okay , who wants syrup and who wants cinnamon sugar ?
Yes , well , I want a boyfriend whose roommate is not a giant pain in the ass .
You know what , I give up . He is impossible .
Sheldon , you really need to find a better way of dealing with Penny .
I am just saying , you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar .
It is a…
I know . What are the odds ?
Sheldon ! it is an amazing coincidence , can we leave it at that ?
Fine , whatever . Are you finished ?
What was that ?
It does . But in my experience , you do not .
They are called tattoo sleeves . Look . I bought them online , Raj got a set , too . Fantastic , right ? Put them on , have hot sex with some freaky girl with her business pierced , take them off , and I can still be buried in a Jewish cemetery .
Really ?
They are gonna get beaten up at Walgreens . Oh , sorry , Sheldon , I almost sat in your spot .
Oshikuru : Demon Samurai .
Anime . You know , I knew a girl in high school named Anna May . Anna May Fletcher . She was born with one nostril . Then she had this bad nose job and basically wound up with three .
Oh , am I talking too much ? I am sorry . Zip .
Okay , I know what you are doing .
Yes , you are using chocolates as positive reinforcement for what you consider correct behaviour .
No , I do not want any chocolate ! Sheldon , you ca not train my girlfriend like a lab rat .
Well , you should not .
No , this has to stop now .
No , you are not sanding Penny .
What could she possibly be talking about for so long ?
No .
You are not squirting her in the face with water .
Forget it .
I am not . And Penny is qualities , both good and bad , are what make her who she is .
You are not changing how Penny laughs .
Uh , sorry guys , that girl is  freaky !
Yeah , freaky .
What are you thinking ? Maybe a big musical number ?
Of course .
Let is go .
Could happen .
What do you mean ?
Ooh , we are honey now , are we ?
You are boring people sweetie .
Okay . What do you watch on Thanksgiving ?
Oh . I will be there .
I guess I could serve both .
What do you mean , he is getting deported ?
Ugh , fine . But the man really needs to work on his girl issues .
You know , checking e mail , updating my facebook status , messing up wikipedia entries . Hey , did you know Netflix lets you stream movies on your computer now ?
Yeah let me start practicing for it . Do you want fries with that Maharaja Mac ?”
Hello Sheldon .
I am sad .
What are you eating ?
We believe cows are gods .
Do not tell me about my own culture , Sheldon ! In the mood I am in , I will take you out , I swear to cow !
Me , too . I am just , I am a little on edge .
Thank you .
I am on it .
Yeah .
Hey .
No .
Excuse me , Sheldon , how many reels before the subordinate male protagonist gets to his point ?
You want me to work with you ?
Okay , uh , please do not take this the wrong way , but I had rather swim buck naked across the Ganges with a paper cut on my nipple and die a slow , agonizing death from a viral infection than work with you .
Sheldon , are you busy ?
Shall I wait ?
I have reconsidered your offer to let me work with you .
Yes , for you . I do , however , have a few conditions . First , at all times , I am to be treated as a colleague and an equal . Second , my contributions shall be noted in all published material . And third , you are never allowed to lecture me on Hinduism or my Indian culture .
Thank you .
Then you leave me no choice . I accept the job .
Wha… You are kidding !
All right .
Come on , dude , we have been friends for years .
Sheldon , for God is sakes , do not make me beg .
Fine , let is watch it . Maybe all our periods will synchronize .
Ooh , dark matter . We better bring a flashlight . I was making a joke .
Sorry , go ahead and make your joke .
Sheldon .
I need an aspirin .
Thank you .
Yes .
No , no , no , no ! That rate is much too low for what we had expect from this collision . Do you understand that we are talking about dark matter colliding in outer space ?
I am the astrophysicist . Astro means space .
Okay , well , let me just tell you , if we were having this argument in my native language , I had be kicking your butt .
Okay , you got me there , but you are wrong about this !
My god , you think that every thought that comes out of your head is pure gold . Well , let me tell you something . Some of those thoughts are pure caca .
It means doo doo .
Aha ! So I am working with you .
Ah , well , in this context…
Okay . Here is where we derive the mass of the dark matter particle .
Let me finish .
I am not defacing it , I am fixing it .
No .
Come and get it .
You are not my superior .
I am busy .
What do you want , Sheldon ?
So you were wrong .
That is the only logical inference .
For you or with you ?
All right , but I have some conditions .
I will take the job . See you Monday .
How did you get here ?
So walk home .
Which one ?
How could he ruin the game ?
Sheldon , that is incredible .
Sheldon has kind of a photographic memory .
Yeah , I do not remember that .
Hey , how come I was not part of this deal ?
Oh , damn it . Can I have a napkin ?
But you have a whole bunch of ’em .
Hey , Sheldon , guess what I heard today ?
Why do not I just tell you what I heard today .
Saturday night at the comic book store , they are having a Mystic Warlords of Ka ah tournament . First prize is five hundred dollars . If we team up , we had be unstoppable .
What about the money ?
But this is other money .
Half of it will be mine .
Oh , great thing about Ernie , was he never asked me for anything . He just gave .
Hey , Sheldon , the new Green Lantern figurine is coming in tomorrow . Want me to set one aside for you ?
All right , I will not set one aside for you .
Okay , I will set one aside for you .
Yeah , he lives around here . Big gamer .
Oh , I am sorry , did I rob you of the opportunity to stumble onto that for yourself ?
Oh , what a coincidence . Maybe you can discuss that with him while you are playing in the tournament . Sign here .
Ooh , it will be like a reunion then . Sign here .
Okay , great , you can tell him you hate him . Sign here .
Okay , I get it , he is a bad guy . Sign here .
No doubt , sign here .
Sheldon , it is your play . Sheldon .
Sorry , boys . Say hi to your mother when she picks you up . Or I could just tell her later tonight ! We pwned them , dude ! Up top !
You know you keep quoting Wrath of Khan , but he was in next generation . It is a totally different set of characters .
Well , if Wil Wheaton and Stuart win their match and we beat lonely Larry and Captain Sweatpants in the next round , we will face off for the championship .
Dude , you have to stop talking like that . It is really lame .
Long , long night .
Underworld guardian .
Invisibility spell .
Water nymph .
Two headed tiger .
Sulphur .
Hang on .
I think he is got me .
What ?
You went to the ’95 Dixie Trek ? Oh , dude , my grandmother had just died , and I had to go to her funeral .
Yeah , it was . But I am really sorry that I disappointed you .
It is special relationship , is not it , between a boy and his grandmother ?
What are you waiting for ? Kill Wil Wheaton ! From hell is heart , stab at him !
Sure you can . Do it ! Do it !
I call my mee maw nana . And she is going be very happy to hear that my small rock kills your enchanted bunny . Game over , moon pie .
Kites , ho !
Oh , yeah . It is an extremely competitive , cutthroat sport .
Well , this sucks .
Leonard just realized that Penny is been hiding him from her friends because he is a tiny , little man who flies kites .
Why would not Penny want her friends to meet me ?
Maybe Koothrappali is right , maybe I embarrass her .
Sorry .
Wait , what are you doing ? I ca not scissors by myself ! Howard ! Come back !
So , Penny does not want me around her friends , I embarrass her . What else could it be ?
Oh , how kind of her .
With a woman you were chasing through a park ? That is not a shot , that is a felony . What is worse , it cost me my prized Patang fighting kite . Sheldon , I do not suppose there is any chance you could give me my kite back ?
Sacks , sacks…
Huh… Scrimmage…
Sheldon , how do you know this stuff ?
Unbelievable .
So you could teach me ?
Football . I am going to Penny is on Saturday to watch a game with her friends and I do not want to look like an idiot . I want to blend in .
Come on , Sheldon , please teach me about football . It will be fun .
Please , I am asking you as a friend .
Yes .
I really appreciate this .
I am sorry ?
When are you going to stop making Cylon toast ?
What is wrong with a football jersey ?
I is the smallest size they had , except the one for dogs . I ca not believe they had one for dogs .
Anyway , wish me luck .
Well , I would not put it exactly that way .
Yeah , okay , like you said .
Good Bye , Sheldon .
Yeah , no , I am trying to fit in , not get laughed at .
I know . I just need you stop talking .
Sheldon , come in .
There is some in the fridge .
On Earth , we say thank you .
Mimesis ?
What the hell are you talking about ?
Oh , I guess so .
I do not want to fly kites , Sheldon . We are watching football here .
Bye .Penny : Wow , Sheldon , I cannot believe you made up your own game .
All right , five . One , two , three , four , five . Oh , wow , look at that , my Department of Defence research grant is renewed .
Yay .
Oh , gee , Sheldon , I do not think we can play on Sunday .
My friend , Justin .
Who is this Justin ?
No , you did not .
Yeah , my friend from Omaha , plays the guitar . Anyway , he is coming to L .A . looking for some session work , so I told him he could just crash on my couch for a few weeks .
Okay , not to be pedantic , but the last I checked went out was in fact the past tense of going out , which I think we all know is a popular euphemism for saw each other naked .
What was your first clue ?
I am not talking to you like you are an idiot ! I am saying the whole idea is idiotic !
How is that not talking to me like I am an idiot ? It is my friend , it is my couch , and it is my freakin’ life !
I heard of ’em . Did not know they were a band . Sheldon , she is gone . You can turn off the blender .
No , we just had a little spat .
I do not get how she can just announce that an old boyfriend is going to be sleeping on her couch .
I do not want to play a game , Sheldon .
An old boyfriend who is definitely not gay . That is what a guy likes to hear , definitely .
And then I say one little thing and I end up being the bad guy !
What am I supposed to say ? Sure , Penny , I am cool with your old boyfriend sleeping in your apartment . Well , Leonard , it does not matter if you are cool or not because I am Penny and I am pretty and I can do whatever the hell I want ! Oh , I get it ! You think you are doing me a favour just by being in a relationship with me ! No , no , Leonard ! I am doing you a favour just by being in the same room as you !
What ?
Calm down , we will make the movie .
Oh , dude , I wish you had said something before I pounded that last Red Bull .
Hey . We are , uh , going to the movies .
Not really , no .
Yeah , I do not think I need my preshow urination anymore .
Hey ! Look ! Amazing Spider Man 183 .
You brought your mother into this !
Oh , thank you very much . Come back soon . With the other half of my tip . Hey , Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
Is Leonard coming ?
Well , that is not gonna happen .
Which is ?
I am busy .
Fine . What do you want ?
Yes .
No , no , Sheldon , they just make a half sandwich .
Okay , fine , it is soup and a small sandwich . Is that what you want ?
Great .
Do not you usually get lemonade ?
Do you want lemonade ?
Anything else ?
I am not going to apologize . I have done nothing wrong . He is completely overreacting .
Well , I am sorry , Sheldon , but this really is not about you .
Yeah , yeah , I will be right there . Look , Sheldon , I have to go .
Leonard is wrong .
I am coming . Goodbye , Sheldon . What do you mean , transgressions I have committed ?
Like what ? Yeah , yeah , I see you , you are making a little cheque sign in the air , I got it , just hold your horses . What does Leonard complain about ?
My singing ?
Okay , if Leonard has so many problems with me , why has not he just said so ?
Oh , really ? Well , then , do me a favour and tell Leonard that he can drop dead !
Hey .
Sure .
What ?
Leonard !
It is a little hard to explain . He does this thing where he pretends he is in an alternate dimension that occupies the same physical space we are in , but he ca not perceive us .
Come on , Sheldon , let is go home . Look , we are done fighting .
Okay , there is going to no more shouting and no skeet shooting .
You know , how about we buy you this robot , and then we all go home ?
Buy him the robot , Leonard .
Oh , this sucks , I am switching back to Real Sex .
Sheldon help !
Come in ! Hurry !
I am back here .
Oh , for god is sakes , I am in the bathroom !
Get in here ! Hurry ! Do not you dare knock .
I slipped in the shower , and I think I dislocated my shoulder .
What ?
I know . I slipped .
Yeah , okay , whatever . Will you just turn the water off and help me up ?
What ?
Uh huh .
Oh , my god . I got to go to the emergency room .
Okay , can you drive me ?
Well , I ca not drive !
Ow .
No , no , no , I ca not wait that long , you got to help me , please .
No one is saying that . Let is go .
Huh . Mmm . Good cookies .
I do not need panties , I just need shorts and a shirt .
One was already in an accident .
Clothes , Sheldon . I need clothes !
Seriously ? Those shorts with that top ?
No… No… Oh , that is cute .
Okay , now , you got to help me put these on .
But do not look .
I do not want you to see me naked .
Yeah , great .
Ok , now you gotta help me get my arm into the sleeve .
Is that my arm ?
Then , maybe you should let it go .
It is your American accent . Everything you say sounds stupid .  Stars are pretty , are not they ?
You have your learner is permit , right ?
Good .
All right , can we please go ?
It is right there .
In a parking lot in Hollywood . Now , can we please go ?
Could you please drive a little faster ?
Nothing . The engine does that sometimes .
No . The light has been on since I bought the car .
It is not going to explode , just keep driving . Warp speed ahead , Mr . Spock .
Oh , god , I am gonna lose the arm .
What ?
It is not soup , it is courage .
How did you see it ? You said you would not look .
Okay .
I dislocated my shoulder .
You ready know that .
No .
No .
Getting one .
No .
Change migraine to yes .
Oh , next question .
Oh , my god , what the hell does this have to do with my stupid shoulder ?
Ass .
Hey , Sheldon , Sheldon , look , I am scared and in a lot of pain . Could you please just take a break from being you for just a minute and try being , I do not know , comforting ?
Yes ! Yes !
Wait . You have to help me get into bed . Sheldon has to get me into bed . Bet you never thought I had say that .
You know , people think you are this weird robot man who is so annoying all the time , and you totally are , but then it is like that movie Wall E at the end . You are so full of love , and you can save a plant and get fat people out of the floaty chairs .
Sing “Soft Kitty” to me .
The cultural paradigm in which people have sex after three dates .
Never mind , what is your announcement ?
Hey , Cooper , I hear you are going to be on the wadio with Ira Fwatow from Science Fwiday next week .
My pweasure .
But my pweasure is . Let me ask you a question , at what point did National Public Wadio have to start scwaping the bottom of the bawwel for its guests ? Eh , do not answer , it is wetowical .
Are you really going to be on NPR ?
Very cool , congratulations .
Excuse me , I have a master is degree in engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . It required the completion of 144 units of grad work and an original thesis .
Hey .
All right , you know what , I will tell you why it is wrong…
What ?
Thank you , Sheldon .
Thanks for being with us today , Dr . Cooper .
Now , let is talk about magnetic monopoles . Can you explain to our audience just what a monopole is ?
How ya doin’ , buddy ?
Come on , it was not that bad .
Okay , so Kripke played a joke on you .
You laughed .
I fell on the floor . All right , he got you , you can get him back .
Are you really admitting defeat ?
Good .
That is true . He did not just stay there and talk about his feelings with the other psychotic villains . He , he broke out and poisoned Gotham is water supply .
No , no .
Okay , uh , that is the spirit , but , um , let is dial it back to a non lethal form of vengeance .
Wow .
What is this ?
Foamy vengeance .
This is brilliant , Sheldon . How are we going to deploy it in Kripke is office ?
Oh , Sheldon , you remind me of a young Lex Luthor .
Let me guess , motion sensors ?
I gotta say , I am really impressed . This is truly the Sheldon Cooper way to get even .
And the board of directors . Abort ! Abort !
Well , how could you not put in an abort ?
Are you kidding ? That is the most romantic thing anyone is ever done for me .Penny : Hey , Leonard , check this out .
I think it upsets Sheldon when you play with the food .
You want me to put it back ?
What is up , my nerdizzles ? Raj , Sheldon , I want you to meet my girlfriend Bernadette .
Sure . The more , the merrier .
Sheldon…
Oh , come on , it is fine . We will just put it all on the table , you know , family style .
Oh no , no , you see , in the winter , that seat is close enough to the radiator so that he is warm , yet not so close that he sweats . In the summer , it is directly in the path of a cross breeze created by opening windows there and there . It faces the television at an angle that is not direct , so he can still talk to everybody , yet not so wide that the picture looks distorted .
Oh , great selection , great prices .
That is amazing .
Oh , yeah , show me . In microbiology , the most exciting thing I get to work with is yeast .
Yeah ?
What ?
Ha ! Eat my dust , racially stereotypical plumber .
And a cow and a penguin . Face it dude , whether it is a real car or a virtual cartoon car , you ca not drive .
Hey , Sheldon , can I talk to you for a second ?
It is not about shoes .
Um , actually , can we do it in private ?
Thanks , Raj . Okay , so here is the thing , I was wondering if you could maybe teach me a little physics ?
Yeah , okay , cool . I do not need the PBS special , I just want to know enough so I can talk to Leonard about his job . You know , like Bernadette does .
‘Cause I want to surprise him .
Come on , Sheldon , this is important to me .
You are sitting here playing video games all day .
Sure . I did the one with the frogs .
Yeah , actually , it was pretty cool . A lot of the girls threw up , but I gutted that thing like a deer .
Oh , come on ! A smart guy like you , it will be a challenge . You can make it like an experiment .
Great ! It is a little insulting , but great . I will be KoKo .
I believe you .
Hey , Sheldon .
Ready to get started ?
Um , I do not have one .
I have to take notes ?
There is gonna be a test ?
Thank you .
Ancient Greece ?
Um , does this have anything to do with Leonard is work ?
Twenty six hundred years ?
I have to go to the bathroom .
Not for twenty six hundred years .
I did not say anything like that . I said Leonard has to ask my permission .  Come on , I do not want to eat lamb stew with my mother . Damn , I was this close on the bra .
Uh , we know that… Newton was a really smart cookie . Oh ! Is that where Fig Newtons come from ?
Sorry .
I do not know .
Hey ! You do not have to be so mean !
No , you just suck at teaching .
Oh , God , Sheldon , look I am trying to understand , but you are going too fast . Can you just back up a little bit ?
Not that far back !
I do not know . Where were we looking up at the night sky ?
Damn it !
Squared ?
Aristotle ?
Five ?
Then I do not know .
Because I am stupid !
Okay , look , can we just please forget about all this extra stuff and can you just tell me what Leonard does ?
Really ? That is it ? Well , that does not sound so complicated .
Okay , I just have one question . What exactly are sub atomic particles ?
Thank you .
Oh , balls .
I am glad you enjoyed it . Most people are not that interested in what I do .Penny : Oh , I always tear up when the Grinch is heart grows three sizes .
You really did not like it , Sheldon ?
When we watch Frosty the Snowman , he roots for the sun .
Sheldon , what about you ? Did you have a Christmas tree ?
So I take it you do not want to help us trim the tree .
What is it ?
Oh , sure , sure , yeah . Very Christmassy .
Here we go .
Merry Newton mas , everyone .
No , it is fine . Look , Sir Isaac can go right next to this little candy cane .
No , he does not .
Yeah , you got me . I am a Leibniz man .
Well , I just , I thought…
You are , it is just…
Um…
It was so nice of you to come all the way down to the airport to pick me up .
Yes , dear . Mommy is proud . I have been meaning to thank you for your notes on my paper disproving quantum brain dynamic theory .
Wait , wait , wait . When did you send my mom notes on a paper ?
Oh , did I thank you for the flowers ?
I do not really like flowers .
Well , I would assume it is because Sheldon and I stay in touch due to mutual interest and respect , while you avoid me , due to unresolved childhood issues .
No . Sheldon , why did not you tell me ?
Why ? I am not marrying her . So , how about you ? Are you seeing anyone interesting ?
Not the time , Sheldon .
It is all right , Sheldon . I will just pretend that Leonard is not withholding information . Although , I will point out , Leonard , that I am a trained psychiatrist and you are exhibiting the same secretive behavioural tics that accompanied your learning to masturbate .
Mmm , well , let is see . Sheldon , when did I leave Leonard is father ?
Mitzy is dead ?
I do , I will teach you .
What is it ?
I do not want tea .
Then why are you telling me ?
That is a lousy conversation starter .
What do you want , Sheldon ?
I want that too . Why are you here ?
Thank you , that is very comforting .
It is not ?
You are right , I do feel better .
You are my surrogate family ?
That is the Del Taco .
Thank you for taking me to the airport .
Please , I am very hungover and in no mood to satisfy your need for approval . Sheldon , I do hope you will forgive me for my inappropriate behaviour last night .
Thank you .
I think it is best that you not know .
Yes , actual women are the best .
Seen it .
Great . They get girlfriends , and they just abandon us ?
We do ?
I do not want to do that .
What about me ?
Dude , there is so many cool things we could be doing tonight . Look . At the Glendale Galleria , put on your best zoot suit , it is a salute to Swing music in the center court near Macy is . 5pm to 9pm , huh , huh ? A salute to zoot . Sounds like a hoot .
Race riots ?
Oh . I always thought that was some sort of after Christmas sale . Well , then why do not we just go to the galleria and walk around ?
No . We would just walk around and see what is what .
Okay , well , how about this ? From the university Web site , 7pm to 10pm , Norton Hall Multipurpose Room , mixer for grad students and faculty of the science and humanities departments . Whether you split atoms or infinitives , this is the place to be .
Come on , Sheldon , the world is filled with people doing things outside . Let is go outside . Outside is good .
I do not know , it is a marketing scheme . Please , Sheldon , I am a young , virile visitor from a foreign land and I need to strut my stuff .
Oh , boy .
I do not want to go to Flatland .
Oy .
Sheldon , I am begging you . I want to go to this mixer , and I do not want to go alone .
What ?
Thanks for coming with me .
Did you really have to bring it in with you ?
Come on , let is get a drink .
Yeah , well I do . And when my wingman is carrying a Green Lantern lantern , I drink a lot . I will have a screwdriver , please . Do not be chintzy with the screw .
Sheldon , they do not have ice cream .
He will have a Shirley Temple .
Okay , let is check out the females .
That is Professor Wilkinson is wife , she is like 80 years old .
No . I am looking for a hookup .
Not so loud , but ideally , yes . Thanks .
You help me run my game .
Okay . What is your game ?
Hey , that is pretty cool . What is it ?
You are very funny . I am Abby .
Well , I am a slumdog astrophysicist .
Hello .
Is that the limited edition Green Lantern lantern ?
Oh , that is so awesome .
What is going on ?
Your new girlfriend . Have fun tonight .
What was that ?
जो भी तुम्हारे नाव मंगाई . That is Hindi for whatever floats your boat . Uh , listen , I got a text from that girl Abby , and she and her friend Martha want to hang out with us again . What do you say ?
I do not get it . You had a great time .
Please , Sheldon , I am a lost Indian boy far from home , and I want a girlfriend and I want her to be Abby , and she will only come over if she can bring Martha .
My Incredible Hulk hands signed by Stan Lee .
So does that mean we can go with the girls again ?
You ca not wear the hands on the date .
Flatland is more than just a mathematical essay . It is also a treatise on Victorian social mores .
Uh huh .
Okay .
Sheldon ?
No , I am not jealous . All right , I had kill a hobo if it will get me laid . Now , can we order ?
So what ? It is the same food .
So ?
Not Tso the chicken , so the question . So ?
It is obviously a typo .
You know what ? Let is just get a pizza .
And why is that ?
What if they were mobsters who slept with the fishes ?
What the… ?
So are our laptops .
We like games .
Assorted video games .
What ?
What about me ?
I had be happy to put him under a 72 hour psychiatric hold .
We are done here . Call this number , and we will fax you a copy of the report so you can submit it to your insurance company .
Do you have any more information that might be relevant ?
How is that going to help them ?
What are we supposed to do now ?
Does that mean you have ruled me out as a suspect ?
I am not scared . I would have gone all Nebraska on their asses .
Hand me the bat .
It will not happen again , what is up ?
We are fine , Sheldon .
Mm hmm .
Who is it ?
Yes ?
Yeah .
Yes , we are . And we are about to go to bed .
Sheldon , do you want to sleep here tonight ?
What do you want ?
But you do not like other people .
Did we win ? Can we go to bed ?
Look , Sheldon , sweetie , I know you are feeling insecure , but we have really got to go to sleep .
Just gonna take a look around outside .
No , Jim , do not open the door !
Do not worry , there is no one out here .
All right , we have got a titanium dead bolt and a reinforced jamb controlled by a state of the art electronic access system .
There is a 200 watt uninterruptible backup power supply .
There are independent voice and fingerprint scanners .
Sorry , let me help you .
Do not worry , the net is going to be electrified . Picture her on the floor , spasming uncontrollably .
God , Sheldon . What the hell are you doing out there ?
It was us . We knocked over a lamp .
He does not need to know what we were doing , Leonard .
What are you doing ? Use the door .
Great , you do that .
I am lactose intolerant .
No , thanks .
Sheldon , are you okay ?
Do not you think looking for a new city to live in is a bit of an overreaction ?
Come on , Sheldon , you ca not move . Do not you need to stay in one place so the mother ship can find you when it returns ?
Oh , no , he is going to telecommute . Everybody is really excited about it .
Any place specific or just the Bozeman , Montana Loony Bin ?
Oh , come on . So you were the victim of a crime . That is part of life . When my great grandfather first came to this country , he put all his hopes and dreams into this little butcher shop he ran on the Lower East Side of New York . You know what happened ? Every customer who walked into that butcher shop and asked for a pound of liver , got ripped off . But , those people moved on , and so should you .
They call themselves Bozites ?
Sheldon , I ca not believe I am saying this , but I am going to miss you .
Help you with your bags , sir ?
Hey , look who is back !Penny : Whatcha doing ?
Interesting . I usually just have coffee . You have been up all night ?
Yes .
And you are stuck ?
Mmm , he is either isolating the terms of his formula and examining them individually , or looking for the alligator that swallowed his hand after Peter Pan cut it off .
Aye , aye , Captain .
Maybe you need a fresh start .
Intellectually about 30 hours . Emotionally about 29 years .
No , it is okay . I do not have to go . I am happy just to guide you and your ladies to suitable entertainment choices . I am a walking brown Yelp .com .
I thought I smelled popcorn .
Hey , those are my lima beans !
Here , you want my peas ?
Want my corn ?
Okay , just to be clear , roller skating was my idea , and I am very unhappy that you turned it into a double date , and I hope you both fall on your asses and break your coccyxes .
Oh , my God ! Are you…
Sheldon , what the hell are you doing ?
With marbles ?
Sheldon , when was the last time you got any sleep ?
Okay , Sheldon . What happens to our neuroreceptors when we do not get enough REM sleep ?
Which leads to… ?
Right , so march in there , brush your teeth and go to bed .
I am going to count to three . One…
Yeah , well , he is extra special . Hey , Shelly . What you doing ?
Sure , sure . How did you get into this place ?
No , I do not think so . We need to go home now .
If you do not come out of there , I am going to have to drag you out .
What ! What , what , what ?
What ?
And you had to barge in here and wake us up in the middle of the night ?
Because we did not want to be disturbed .
Sheldon , what do you want ?
Really ? You figured out the graphene problem ?
Oh .
Yeah , I am going to need a little more .
Keep going .
So , you are going to go work at the patent office ?
Sounds like a great plan .
Okay , well , thanks for sharing with us . Good night .
Leonard does not snore .
So , Mr . Cooper , you are looking for a job .
Why , thank you for noticing . I am Menial Employee of the Month . Do you have a particular field in mind ?
No .
No .
I did not really have to . So , how about construction ?
No , no . This is putting up sheetrock at a housing project in Rosemead .
Good .
Yes ?
Moving on . How about doing deliveries for a florist ?
Do you have your own car ?
Of course you do not . Mr . Cooper , let me just ask you a question . What was your last job ?
Sheldon , what the hell are you doing ?
No , wait , wait , no , wait . Wh . . what are you doing here ?
You just , you just walked in and they hired you , just like that ?
Sheldon , this is ridiculous .
Sheldon , wait , this is not even what I do . I am a waitress , not a busboy .
Hang on . Black beans , not pinto beans ?
Double guacamole ?
No cilantro ?
Lettuce shredded , not chopped ?
You understand why I am doing this to you ?
Sheldon , where are you going ? Are not you going to clean this up ?
Dude , I am glad you finally got a girlfriend , but do you have to do all that lovey dovey stuff in front of those of us who do not ?
Oh . I used to be like that . Then I got a girlfriend .
Yeah , I am pulling out all the stops . There is a $39 .95 lover is special at P .F . Chang is . Egg rolls , dumplings , bottomless wok , and you get your picture taken on the big marble horse out front .
Guess who the university is sending to Switzerland to attend a conference and see the CERN supercollider on February 14 ?
In any case , they are asking me to fill in for him .
No way , dude !
Sheldon , you got a minute ?
Sheldon , I am not taking you to Switzerland .
Penny .
Yes , but it will be Valentine is Day . We can go sightseeing and skiing and make love in front of a roaring fire in the shadow of the snowcapped Alps .
I am sorry , Sheldon .
Yeah , well , I have been dreaming about spending Valentine is Day with a girl since I was six .
Oh , my God , Leonard ! That is incredible !
My Rabe what ly ?
Sheldon , we have been through this . I am taking Penny .
Not the roommate agreement .
Yeah . We also put in what happens if one of us wins a MacArthur Grant , or if one of us gets superpowers , or if one of us is bitten by a zombie .
Is there anything in there about if one of you gets a girlfriend ?
Sheldon , do you really expect to enforce this ?
Look , Sheldon , I know it is in the agreement , and if you turn into a zombie , I promise I will not kill you . In fact , I will even let you eat my brains . But I am taking Penny to Switzerland .
It is .
Got a bit of traffic this morning , huh ? Think it is gonna rain ? Instead of underpants , I covered my crotch with potato salad this morning . Thoughts ? Okay , I know what will cheer you up , let is play one of your driving games .
You really think I belong with Benedict Arnold and Judas ?
Come on , Sheldon . Ca not you at least try to understand how much this means to me ?
Rupert Murdoch ?
Uh , let is see . Yup , 30 pieces of silverware .
What is going on ?
You made Frodo pancakes ?
Why are you doing this ?
Thanks . It is good .
You hate Babylon 5 .
Okay , great . Still not taking you to Switzerland .
Hello .
Well , I always figured it was to study us , discover our weaknesses , and report back to your alien overlords .
Oh , for God is sakes .
I am sorry . Is this supposed to be buttering me up ?
Okay , show is over .
Sheldon , this is Leonard is decision . He invited me to Switzerland , and I intend to go .
I will talk to Leonard .
You are welcome .
I think we are there .
Sheldon , I need to talk to you .
Some what ?
You are not going to Switzerland !
She told me that you went behind my back to guilt her into letting you go instead of her .
Well , forget it . I was the one who was invited , I get to decide who goes with me , and it is Penny , not you !
I do not need to see your presentation . This discussion is over !
Sheldon , at this point , I would go by myself before I would take you .
Yeah , really .
I am sorry you feel that way .
Why do not you enlighten me ?
Hey , Sheldon ? Listen , Penny is pretty sick and she is not going to be able to go to Switzerland . So if you are still interested , you are welcome to come .
Here is your soup .
Yes .
Yes .
Why do not I pour it in your lap , and you can tell me .
Yeah , well , I am sick , too .
Well , you might want to mark your Google calendars . Stan Lee is coming to do a signing on Thursday .
No , just a regular comic signing . My uncle is his dermatologist and Stan is doing him a favour .
Stan Lee does not have a contagious skin disease .
I ca not decide whether I want Stan Lee to autograph my Journey into Mystery 83 , first appearance of Thor or my Fantastic Four number five , first appearance of Dr . Doom .  Alex , I am going to go with what is… you are a dumbass ?
That is crazy . Stan Lee had nothing to do with Batman .
That is a great idea , I am going to get him to sign a Batman as well .
Well , obviously you do not remember your circumcision .
He does . And in the kitchen . And in the car . And in his pocket .
Sheldon , why do you have all these unopened paychecks in your desk ?
But there must be thousands of dollars here . Why do not you put it in the bank ?
You have also got something from the Pasadena Municipal Court .
I am sorry . You sent more than one letter about that ?
Sheldon , this is a summons .
Looks like you ran a red light on Marengo Avenue at 9 :30 p .m . on November 16 . They got you on a traffic camera . Nice picture .
No , it is not .
No , it is not .
Mmm , no , it is not .
Okay , look , they sent me the ticket . I told them I was not driving and they were all , if it was not you , who was it ?
No ! It was not a betrayal . It was more of a ca not afford any more points on my license . I already have to buy my insurance from this place in the Cayman Islands .
It is not that big a deal . You just go down to the court on Thursday and you pay the fine .
You are guilty .  That one I liked .
Sheldon , I am sorry . I will be happy to reimburse you for the fine . You know , as soon as I get a part in a movie or my own TV series .
Oh , that is right . Thursday is Stan Lee Day .
Whoa ! What do you mean all ?
Yeah , okay . No .
That is what I am saying .
Wow . Uh , Stan Lee , or you in court ? Uh , if this was Sophie is Choice it would have been a much shorter movie . No .
Oh , balls .
Penny .
All right , let is go .
What is this ?
Do I have a choice ?
Darn tootin’ , I do , if the court will excuse my homespun , corn fed Nebraskan turn of phrase .
The reason that date is , like , so totally fixed in my memory is that I had the privilege to be witness to one of the most heroic acts I have ever seen in , like , ever .
Why , you did , sir . You . Dr . Sheldon Cooper , and may I add , it is a privilege to know you .
But it is a fact that it is a privilege to know you . Totally . A teardrop rolls down my cheek ?
But it is a fact that it is a privilege to know you . Totally .
Pay the cashier . Sheldon Cooper ?
I know what it means . I went to law school .
The court would advise you to make it quick , as the court had a dicey looking breakfast burrito this morning and just took an Imodium .
Impressive .
Guilty . Pay the cashier .
No , I am following the law . I am ignoring you .
Dr . Cooper , before I find you in contempt and throw you in jail , I am going to give you a chance to apologize for that last remark .
Oh , no , that is terrible . Ooh , the line is moving . Got to go . Bye .
What ?
Knock yourself out .
Well , it ai not a wishing well .
Oh , hey , buddy . How had it go ?
Yeah , but we all want to hear it from you .
I am going to write you a cheque for that . As long as you promise to put it in your drawer and never cash it , like the others .
You are right , so it would be cruel to mention that after he finished signing autographs , Stan Lee took Stuart and us out for gelato .
Except for Raj .
Okay , I realize that…
Okay , maybe you will have another chance to have…
We will tell people he is your cousin .
Yup .
Hi . I am Penny . This is my friend , Sheldon .
I see . And you thought you had just come over to my house uninvited ?
You know , you fan boys are unbelievable . Do you think you can just ring my doorbell any time you want ? I mean , why do not you just come on in and watch the Lakers game with me ?
Hey , where have you been ?
Sweet .Leonard : Why do I always have to carry the heavy stuff ?
Oh , no , you did not trade the food for magic beans , did you ?
Who is Adam West ?
That is so sad .
You see what you are doing ? Stop that .
What ?
It is even got the Elvish engraving on it .
Hold on . Sheldon , is there ketchup on that table ?
Eddie Crispo . Anyway , he said this is not a replica . It is the real deal .
No , it is not yours . We all went in on the box together .
How is this maritime salvage ?
All the wealthy and beautiful people in movies ride Jet Skis . That ca not just be a coincidence .
We are not blackmailing Peter J… All right , where is the ring ?
What are you doing ?
Look , let is be reasonable . We all want to do different things with the ring , but your ideas are stupid , and I want a jet ski .
You always get your way .
This ring .
So , Sheldon , how is it feel to get beaten up by a girl ?
You know what ? I am ending this . Penny did not want to hold the ring anymore . She gave it to me , I have it . I am sending it back . Where is the ring ?
Give me that .
And it was not when we were driving like this ?
If you are offended , let go of the ring and go on home to your mother is boobies .
Why do not we go after your mother ?
You are right . Let is talk about your grandmother .
Think about this . The only way your mother was born was your Meemaw had sex .
Then let go of the ring and walk away .
All right . I will bet your Meemaw did not just have sex to have your mother . I bet she had sex because she liked it .
Yeah , Meemaw did the nasty .
We are getting to him .
What ?
What are you doing ?
It is , it is not working , dude .
Fine . Um , on the count of three . One , two…
We stand up .
There was not ever going to be a winner . There was going to be a selfish , petty person with a ring and three people who used to be his friend . Is that really what you guys want ? ‘Cause if it is , fine , I do not want anything to do with you . And I do not know what happened in that bathroom , but I am not cleaning it up !  My precious .
My point is , if I were a horse or a bird , I had be very nervous around James Cameron .
Hey , Sheldon , I was up in the administration office , and I happened to overhear the name of the winner of this year is Chancellor is Award for Science .
Oh , I am so glad you asked it like that . You .
You won .
Uh , hang on , flaming arrow .
What ?
Yeah , before the movie , you did 20 minutes on why guacamole turns brown . It turned brown while you were talking .
What , to you , is a large crowd ?
Sheldon , congratulations . Brought you cheesecake from work . You know , ’cause of your award , not because a busboy sneezed on it .
That is no reason to back out . You know , I once got a pretty big honour in high school , and I was terrified about appearing in front of a big crowd , but I went through with it , and you know what ? The world looked pretty darn good sitting on a haystack in the back of a Ford F 150 as a member of the Corn Queen is court .
Sheldon , you are being ridiculous .
Where is 70 children when you need ‘em ?
I just love how you always skip over the part where no one asks .
Sheldon ? Sheldon , are you okay ?
Sit down , we want to talk to you .
We think we can help you with your stage fright .
Yes , but you are not smarter than all of us put together .
We can help you . We can be your team . Like , uh , Professor Xavier and his X Men .
Oh . I say a lot of things , sweetie . So , how about it , Sheldon ?
Okay . Well , I am going to take you shopping , get you a nice suit . Might give you more confidence .
I thought I could try to analyze you and get to the root of your anxiety .
Raj says he can teach you , what did you call it ? I do not know , some Indian meditation crap .
My power is the ability to pretend like I give a damn about your piddly ass problems . And that is 24 7 , buddy .
So , what do you say , Sheldon ? Are we your X Men ?
Okay , Sheldon . I am going to be leading you through a series of meditation exercises . These methods come from the ancient gurus of India and have helped me overcome my own fears .
True , but thanks to meditation , I am able to stay in the same room with them without urinating . Now , close your eyes .
What ?
I am not going to punch you .
Do you want to do this or not ?
All right . Imagine yourself in the one place you feel most at home . Where is that ?
Okay , you are in Sheldonopolis .
Whatever you like .
Fine . You are in Sheldon Square .
Then , put on a sweater .
Yeah , whatever . Just go buy a sweater .
You own the damn thing . Just take a freaking sweater !
All right . You have paid for a sweater , and you are in Sheldon Square .
What now ?
It will give you confidence . You know , sometimes when I am feeling all stressed out about something , I go out and buy a cute top or a fun skirt and I have a whole new outlook on life .
Yeah , that is when I buy shoes . Now , let is see what we have got . Ooh ! This is nice .
Yeah , so ?
Fine . Why do not you pick out what you like .
Where the hell d’you find that ?
It is ridiculous .
Please just try this one on .
So , Sheldon , how you doing ?
I am sorry , I will start again .
Um , I do not know , maybe .
How did you know you were a giant if everything was to scale ?
Why do not we just talk ?
Why do not I just start ? Sometimes people have trouble accepting accolades if , on a subconscious level , they do not feel they deserve them . Do you think maybe that is what is happening here ?
But it could be part of your problem . Let me give you an example . When I was eight , I won a ribbon at the science fair for my project , “Do Lima Beans Grow Better to Classical Music .” But my mother pointed out that it was just a rehash of my brother is earlier “Do Lima Beans Grow Worse to Rock ‘n’ Roll .” I felt so guilty , I gave the ribbon back .
Terrible . I worked really hard on that project . I stayed up all night singing the clown is aria from Pagliacci to a lima bean sprout .
It was not my fault . I had never seen my brother is project . And my mother could have told me before instead of at the ceremony in front of everyone .
Damn right , I am angry with my mother . For God is sake , I was eight years old . She humiliated me . That is when the bed wetting started again .
For what ?
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . My name is Dr . Leonard Hofstadter , and it is my very great honour to introduce the winner of this year is Chancellor is award for Science and my good friend , Dr . Sheldon Cooper . But before I do , I had like to share with you a letter from Sheldon is mother , who could not be here tonight . Is not that nice ? His mother sent him a letter . She is proud of him . I wonder what that feels like . Dear Shelly . That is what she calls him . Shelly , it is a pet name . You know what my mother is pet name for me is ? Leonard . But I digress . Dear Shelly . I am so proud of…
What is the matter ?
Do not worry . You are surrounded by your C Men .
Here , drink this . It will relax you .
Fine , faint .
First of all , the projects were totally different . I was showing that classical music nurtures lima beans and makes them grow , but my mother did not hear me . If you had like to look at the relationship between nurturing and growth , I had like to point out that my brother is eight inches taller than me .
Oh , right . Ladies and gentlemen , our guest of honour , Dr . Sheldon Cooper .
Sure .
You might want to check YouTube .
It is already loaded . Just hit play .
All right , people , let is get down to the math . It is only three dimensional thinking that limits our imagination . Can I take my pants off over my head ? Of course not . My body is in the way . But if we had access to higher dimensions , we could move our pants around our bodies through the fourth dimension and our days of dropping trousers would be over .
Sheldon says impossible . Howard and I say not only possible , but as a mode of transportation , way cooler than a Batmobile .
What is with him ?
Are you saying he is man struating ?
Big or small , I do not like rabbits . They always look like they are about to say something , but they never do .
Would that be a giant rat is ass ?
Okay , how about this for a topic , why is Leonard being a giant douche ? Assuming giant douches are possible .
I do not want to talk about it .
You guys still on for bowling tonight ?
Oh . Ouch .
Oh , hey .
No , no , it is okay . I mean , let is face it , you guys would get creamed without me .
It is always nice chatting with you , Sheldon .
Thinly veiled contempt .
Got it .
Bite me !
I thought you were bringing your own bowling shoes .
Then what is with the disinfectant ?
Hi , Sheldon . How is it going ?
You are not still carrying a grudge because I beat you at that card tournament , are you ?
It tells me that I am living rent free right here  . You ready to bowl ?
Great . Then it is on .
Yes !
What ?
Ice cream ?
Um , Ach .
Did Leonard send you over here ?
Yeah , I am sorry about that .
Again , I am sorry .
You are kidding .
All right , Sheldon , what part of this is supposed to make me feel better ?
Oh , honey , I do not know . Things are a little weird with Leonard right now .
No , no , that is okay . Just let me talk to him , and I will get back to you .
I do not know .
You are not gonna leave me alone until I do it , are you ?
Yes , that is what I am telling you . We are good . We are great .
The Wesley Crushers ?
Still do not get it .
Okay , I am sorry , honey , but the Wesley Crushers sounds like a bunch of people who like Wesley Crusher .
You know , if you want it to mean you are crushing Wesley , it had be the “Wesley” Crushers .
Hey , look . They named their team after me .
So , we are all clear on the bet and the stakes ?
Hey , Sheldon , I just wanted you to know that I am really looking forward to wiping the floor with you .
After you .
It is customary for the player on the right hand lane to bowl first .
It is a custom , not a rule .
That is right , Sheldon . Embrace the dark side .
Mmm , mmm . People from opposite sides often have good relationships . You know , Romeo and Juliet , Tony and Maria from West Side Story , what is his name and the big blue chick in Avatar . I am gonna bowl now .
Leave me alone , Sheldon .
Shel don ! Shel don ! Shel don ! Shel don !
The ball ! The ball ! The ball ! The ball ! The ball ! The ball !
Oh , that is me .
What are you talking about ?
No !
Yes !
Penny , you are up .
No , this is not fair to you , Leonard . I am sorry .
No , let her go .
Tough luck , Sheldon .
Do you think I would really break up a couple just to win a bowling match ?
Good . Keep thinking that .
Oh , damn , they cancelled my Visa . Oh , yay , a new MasterCard !
What ?
Okay . Are , are you hoping to get it telepathically ?
God , can we please just say no longer seeing each other ?
Okay , here is the protocol , you and I are still friends , and you stop saying coitus .
Really ?
Right .
Everyone .
Great .
So , how you been ?
You are just coitusing with me , are not you ?
Mmm . How is Leonard doing ?
I will pretend I did not hear it .
Yep .
Interesting . I will have to have you over for spaghetti some night .
Oh . Um , okay . Why do not you give me an hour and come over ?
I do not have hot dogs .
Hey , where you been ?
Yeah , he is over it , that is why he is been whining all day about trying to invent that memory wiper gizmo from Men in Black .
So would Ben Affleck . The point is , in a situation like this you got to pick sides . You are either on Team Leonard or Team Penny .
What ?
Sheldon , I got you your tangerine chicken . I hope you are hungry .
Okay .
I do not know . Why ?
Do you want the last dumpling , Sheldon ?
I wish you were Aquaman . Then I could send you to scoop my mom out of the old lady tank .
What , suddenly I am not good enough for you ?
Yeah , since when do you take walks ?
Hold on . I will walk down with you .
Or we could go together .
Let is go .
Okay .
You said you were going for a walk .
So what , you are just gonna walk up and down the stairs ?
Which way are you going ?
I parked my scooter down the block .
Bye . Actually , I am this way . Do I smell hot dogs ?
I definitely smell raw hot dog .
All right , have a nice walk .
You might want to stand back . I am sitting on top of 13 horses here .
But we will have sex first , right ?
So , um , was Leonard okay with you coming over ?
Well , good .
He is been crying ?
Oh , God , I feel terrible .
No . Why , do you ?
Why did you ask if I had one , too ?
All right . So , what is new in your life ?
Have you been running ?
I am so glad you like it .
Well , maybe that is ’cause Leonard ca not cook .
Whatever . Ooh , I am gonna get the cheesecake out of the fridge .
Hey , where you been ?
For an hour and a half ?
How could you get lost ? Your phone has GPS .
There are no solar flares right now .
Dude , I am an astrophysicist . If there were solar flares , I had be all up in it .
Oh , just come in !
What do you want , Sheldon ?
Tell me why you woke me up or I swear to God I will kill you .
What do you want ?
I am in bed !
Sheldon !
Okay , when you say seeing Penny , what exactly does that mean ?
Fine . Why did you have dinner with Penny ?
Then why did you have Chinese food with us ?
Is it possible he said Bros before Hos ?
Sheldon , I do not care if you want to be friends with Penny .
Yes .
I guess not .
It is ten o’clock , where have you been ?
How was I supposed to know that ?
I know , I know .
No , you already threw up once . Go put on your PJs and brush your teeth .
Are not you going to thank Penny for taking you to Disneyland ?
Kidding . Just a couple of friends goofin’ around .
What ?
I am sorry ?
No .
I do not put pepper on salads .
Oh , come on . I do not want to sit by myself .
See you , buddy .
When you say non related female , you still mean human , right ?
Are you planning on kidnapping a woman ?
Yes , but mixed with genuine concern .
The cosmological physicist from Princeton ?
Why did not you tell me you knew Elizabeth Plimpton ? I am a huge fan of hers !
Okay , fine . Where is she going to sleep ?
Yeah , um , I have a two part question .
A , are you kidding me ? And B , seriously , are you freaking kidding me ?
So you are saying the two of you are going to be sleeping in the same bed ?
Thank you . Why is a world renowned scientist staying in our apartment instead of a hotel ?
When can I sit with you again ?
Hey , Sheldon .
What ? What are you doing with , what ?
Sheldon , what are you doing with maxi pads ?
Oh . What ?
Wait , wait , hold on , back up . You are having a woman stay with you ?
Oh , no , no , no , no . I am not flabbergasted . I am puzzled . Yeah , let is go with puzzled .
Female jibber jabber ?
Oh , they are not my friends .
She is here , she is here . How do I look ? Do I look smart ?
Ah , Dr . Cooper , thank goodness . I completely forgot your address . But then I remembered that I had written it on my hand . Lucky for me , I did not confuse it with what I had written on my other hand , which are the coordinates for a newly discovered neutron star . ‘Cause if I tried to go there , I had be crushed by hypergravity . Anyway , hello .
Nice to finally meet you in person .
Are you hungry , thirsty ? Can I offer you anything ?
Interesting choices . Based on my current needs , I guess I had pick the yogurt .
I am so glad you understand .
Well , I understand , too .
Oh ,  . I think any university would want you . Except , of course , any university that had already had you . Because they would have already wanted you before they , you know , got you .
Uh , sleep night . I mean , obviously , good night . I started to say sleep tight , then I changed my mind in the middle . I swear to God , I am smart .
Good to know .
What if there is a disaster that destroys all the USB ports ?
Can I ask a question about your roommate ?
What is his relationship status ?
Okay .
How thoughtful .
You , too .
Wow . You really make science come alive .
Morning , Sheldon .
Morning , Sheldon .
More than pleasant .
Something his mother taught him .
That is very thoughtful , but I think I will finish my coffee first .
Oh , good , you are up . Look , my car will not start . I need a ride to work .
No , Mr . smarty pants . I ignored the fill gas tank light .
Good .
Well , now…
I am not recommending it . I am saying it already happened .
Well…
Come on . It was not my fault .
Oh , no , no , it is okay . You might slip on a banana peel and get me pregnant .
I did not betray Penny .
How am I betraying you ?
It is if you love her and give her a name .
Hi .
Thank you .
It is just two degrees , Sheldon . I just want to turn up the thermostat two degrees !
Yes , if we lived in a teakettle .
Aw , screw the roommate agreement !
You know what , go to Hell and set their thermostat .
In retrospect , that was clue number two .
I am Leonard Hofstadter . I called you about the apartment . You said…
What ?
Uh , radon ?
Telling you ? Telling you .
Oh , uh , well , that is tricky . Um , well , uh , Original Series over Next Generation , but Picard over Kirk .
Oh , this is pretty nice . Uh , the bedrooms are back there ?
I do not understand , their , their existence is conditional ?
There is three ?
Okay .
What is the difference ?
Can you do that ?
Uh , yeah , experimental physics .
What is that ?
Yes .
A car , yeah .
Well , ca not you drive ?
Okay , I suppose I could drive you . Well that is a point in my favour , right ?
Come on , I just asked .
Uh , I am gonna go with preserving the knowledge .
Oh , good . I passed the barriers .
Uh , I guess .
When I have to .
I , I am sorry , uh , in the morning . Around eight .
Fine . I will take it .
Is this it ?
So where do you sleep ?
If people do not go in there , and you are people , and… You are people , are not you ? Making a joke .
On occasion .
No , I did not just move in . First we had to iron out a few details .
Does that really need to be in the agreement ?
We have a flag ?
Okay .
Okay , how about this ? Let me tell you about the first time I brought a girl over .
Shh . Just pretend we are not here .
I am sure he will go away .
What do you want ? I did not say come in !
But , Joyce , come on .
It was , but one night , Sheldon came home from work…
Hey .
Hilarious .
Oh , well , there were some people on the first floor moving out , and they sold it to me for a hundred dollars . Howard and Raj helped me bring it up .
They are lawn chairs . And there was no place for company .
According to the roommate agreement , I am entitled to allocate 50% of the cubic footage of the common areas .
I did notify you .
What am I doing in your spam folder ?
I am getting to it .
Okay , do you have an opinion about everything ?
And you just assume you are always right ?
Why ?
Ooh , it is time for Babylon 5 !
Why not ?
There you go– three against one .
But I said no to that .
Why ?
So , I get the draft ?
Fine . And it is a dickey .
Yeah , we can go over to my place .
You are not going with us .
You are the guy we are trying to get away from .
Cool .
Excuse me , but I have been working on this a long time . Trust me , it will work .
There is no mistake .
Well , I have adjusted the formula .
Wait . It is here .
What had you do that for ? I had plenty of time .
Hey .
Oh , uh , clear nail polish . I had a mani pedi . Men can get those . Anyway , I may owe you an apology .
I did agree to the thermostat setting , and I should not have tried to change it .
Okay , I am sorry .
So , we are good ?
Never mind . Okay if I watch some TV ?
You are insane , you know that ? !Leonard : Okay , we have got power to the laser .
What for ? It is not going to rain .
That is a bazinga , right ?
It is not like that , I am watching someone is TV . The Good Wife is on . I tell you , this is my new Grey is Anatomy .
Relax , it is just a dirty sock .
Sheldon , the world is filled with dirty discarded socks .
Hey , you know who had really dig seeing this experiment ? Penny .
She did not dump me . We were just in different places in the relationship .
Happy now ? I am moving the dirty sock .
Hey .
Whoa ! Is that the laser ? It is bitchin’ .
The moon .
Uh , that is a great question , Zack .
Sheldon ! Play nice .
Preparing to fire laser at the moon .
What species is that ?
No , just keep walking .
Tons . I have had , like , eight dates in the last month . And twelve if you count the ones who showed up and left .
Why not ?
I will help you .
Why ? I mean , okay .
Put on your noise cancelling headphones , ’cause it is gonna get loud .
What , do you have eyes in the back of your head ?
Oh , thanks , I am not hungry .
Yeah , sorry about that .
Oh , God .
How many times have I asked you not to do that ?
Where is Penny ?
I wonder why she did not say good bye .
I know . I just thought as an outsider , you might be able to provide a fresh perspective .
Really ? Us gonna tell him ?
Hi .
Right . So , listen , what are you doing tomorrow afternoon ?
Four thirty .
What ?
Right , okay . What are you doing tomorrow preevning ?
Okay , what if I were to tell you , tomorrow , at 4 :30 you could meet a woman who has been scientifically chosen to be your perfect mate ?
But it is true . But we we put all your vital information into this dating site , answered all their questions just like you would , and they found a match for you . Her name is Amy Farrah Fowler .
Well , come on , where is your scientific curiosity ?
Okay , how about this . Even Spock had a date once every seven years .
Okay , well , why do not you start with a cup of coffee , and you can pon farr Amy Farrah Fowler later .
All right , you can have a hot chocolate .
Why ?
Sheldon , I have hidden the dirty sock from the roof somewhere in your apartment . Unless you are willing to come with us to meet this girl , it will remain there forever .
Are you willing to risk it ?
I am really starting to think there is a double standard here .
You do not know we are wrong yet .
Excuse me . I am Amy Farrah Fowler . You are Sheldon Cooper .
If that was slang , I am unfamiliar with it . If it was literal , I share your aversion to soiled hosiery . In any case , I am here because my mother and I have agreed that I will date at least once a year .
I do not object to the concept of a deity , but I am baffled by the notion of one that takes attendance .
Noted . Now , before this goes any further , you should know that all forms of physical contact up to and including coitus are off the table .
And it only took 28 minutes .
Why ?
I do not think that is going to happen , Sheldon .
Just wait .
Really ? They are going to make a robot that spits on your hamburger ?
Oh ha ha , oh . That is amazing .
Hey , Sheldon ?
Sheldon has a girlfriend ?
Four months .
Are you telling me , for the past four months I have been asking you what is new and you never thought to go with Sheldon has a girlfriend ?
Shamy . I am so digging the Shamy .
Okay , well , what do you communicate about ?
Wait a minute– a child ? You never see this girl . You just e mail and text and Twitter . Now you are considering having a baby ?
Okay , I have a question .
You do not even like people touching you . How are you going to have sex ?
Oh , honey , did your mom not have the talk with you ? You know , when your private parts started growing ?
Oh , God .
Look , Sheldon , before you race off to the fertility clinic , you might want to think about , uh gee , I do not know , maybe actually spending some time with her .
Yeah .
Why not ?
Okay , look , do not think of it as dating a girlfriend . Think of it as , uh , getting to know the future mother of your child .
Probably not .
You do realize I stand on the other side of the door waiting for you to finish knocking three times .
Yeah , my point is it is a waste of time .
What do you want ?
Oh , that is great . Have fun .
What ?
Well , go ask Leonard .
Leonard said cockamamie ?
Okay , fine . When is the date ?
Now ?
Sheldon , did it ever occur to you that I might have other plans ?
Well , no , not per se , but…
I will eat later . I am busy ! Oh , yeah . Just like a real hand . Hmm .
You are welcome .
Sheldon .
Can I ask you a question ?
Yeah . Well , my question is , and I am pretty sure I know the answer , is this your first date ?
No .
Okay . Well , then , there is a couple of things you should probably know .
My point is , I know more about dating than you , and if you were as smart as you think you are , you would listen to me .
But the light indicates…
Guys , how ’bout some music ?
Okay . Uncomfortable silence it is . Hey , Sheldon , have you told Amy what it was like for you growing up in Texas ?
Well , why do not you tell her ?
I myself grew up in Nebraska . Small town outside of Omaha . You know , nice place , mostly family farms , a few meth labs .
I do not know . I was just trying something .
Hey , here is another possible topic of conversation . This is a big night for Sheldon . Right , Sheldon ?
That is an amusing factoid .
Is this true ?
What ? Where did you get 171 men ?
Whoa , wait , wait , wait . I did not start dating at 15 .
14 .
No .
Oh .
Okay , Sheldon , I think you have made your point .
No ! No ! No . Let is just all finish our dinners , okay ?
Does volunteering for a scientific experiment in which orgasm was achieved by electronically stimulating the pleasure centres of the brain count ?
Now can we have cookies and Hawaiian Punch ?
I did not have sex with 31 guys .
And that is ?
You are still on that ?
Okay , you know what ? I am gonna come at this in a whole new way . Sheldon , if you try to make a baby with Amy in a petri dish , I am gonna tell your mother on you .
Really ? Your deeply religious born again Christian mother wants a test tube grandbaby born out of wedlock ?
If I had thought of that in the first place , I could have saved myself this whole night .
Hey , Howard , what is up ?
I have decided not to procreate .Leonard : Whatcha doin’ there ? Working on a new plan to catch the roadrunner ?
Yes .
Yes .
A lot of people are working on that research . So what is all this ?
Interesting . Cause of death for Uncle Carl was KBB . What is KBB ?
How is that ?
I do not think you need to worry about death by badgers being hereditary .
You can always get a badger and find out .
That long , huh ?
What is there ?
So , you are upset about missing out on becoming some sort of freakish self aware robot ?
Tough break . You want eggs ?
What is a dogapus ?
Is somebody working on that ?
Wait a minute . You hate dogs .
Sheldon , six bucks .
But it is Thursday . Thursday is pizza night .
Really ? You are changing the Sheldonian calendar ?
Sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry .
Wait . Cybernetics is robot stuff , right ?
So you want to turn yourself into some sort of robot ?
Okay , here is my question . Did not you already do that ?
Wait . Honey ,have you ever run before ?
You are right , Penny jogs . Maybe you guys can run together .
What the hell ? What is the matter ?
There is no cholera in Pasadena . Just like last summer , when there was no malaria in Pasadena .
When would you have accidentally eaten chrysanthemum blossoms ?
Have you had your appendix out ?
Let is get you to the hospital .
No .
Funny how things work out , is not it ?
Good night .
Coming , coming . Hey , nice knees .
Oh . And the Flash shirt is what ? Because you are gonna run really fast ?
I do not have one .
Do not have one .
Uh , no .
No . I just run till I am hungry , then I stop for a bear claw .
It is good to stretch your muscles before you run .
All right , let is start with a toe touch . Okay , you do it .
Oh . Wow . Good job . Okay , um , can you do this ?
Okay , let is just warm up on the run .
Okay , let is go .
Oh , my God , are you okay ?
Oh , let me help you up .
Oh , Sheldon !
Sheldon , are you gonna join us ?
Sheldon , this is ridiculous .
I am looking at you .
You cannot exist as a virtual presence . Not here and certainly not at work . Oh , good God .
At the hands of your roommate ?
That is how I am going to make it look .
Fine , but do not expect my help .
No , it is not .
Nerds .
No . You have to start over .
In a world where rhinoceroses are domesticated pets , who wins the Second World War ?
Defend .
Correct . My turn .
Tuned bayonets .
Is not it obvious ?
What the hell are you guys playing ?
We postulate an alternate world that differs from ours in one key aspect and then pose questions to each other .
All right . I like a good brainteaser . Give it a whirl .
Uh , a BLT where the B stands for beaver ? I do not know .
I can figure this out , let is see . Um , well , beavers eat tree bark . The only tree bark I know that humans consume is cinnamon . So , I will say cinnamon .
Is he always like this when he loses ?
If I do not have to boom boom .
Hello .
Okay .
Shamy ?
Like everybody else is . Subject to entropy , decay and eventual death . Thank you for asking . Why is she not taking our order ?
Really ? I assumed an establishment called the Cheesecake Factory would function more efficiently .
I am curious as to why we are not eating alone .
Listen , can I talk to you about your girlfriend ?
Got it .
Uh huh . Anyway , I am not sure she is the best fit for our little , how should we call it , rebel alliance .
Yeah , not my point .
Okay , let me just get right to it . Amy is judgmental , sanctimonious and frankly just obnoxious .
So we already have you for all that .
No , no , of course not . Just have your relationship someplace else .
Suffered in silence ?
More like Yoko and Yoko .
Hey .
It is very impressive , for theoretical work .
Oooh !
I am stating it outright . Babinski eats Dirac for breakfast and defecates Clarke Maxwell .
I am sorry , I am I am still trying to work on the defecating Clark Maxwell , so…
Yes , but if I am successful , I will be able to map and reproduce your thought processes in deriving a grand unified theory , and therefore , subsume your conclusions under my paradigm .
We appear to have reached an impasse .
Seconded .
No , uh uh .
Women , huh ? Ca not live with them , ca not successfully refute their hypotheses .
Hey , Sheldon .
I hear you broke up with Amy .
Wow . That is like the worst country song ever . So , how are you doing ?
Amy .
Well , breakups , or whatever the hell this is , can be tough .
Okay . Good .
Do not try to change me , dude . I am what I am .
Hey . Are not you going to introduce us to your little friend ?
Hi .
Hey .  Oh , no .
So you decided to get the whole Manhattan Project ?
Zazzles ?
Okay , we need to talk .
Cats , Sheldon . You are clearly upset about Amy being gone , and you are trying to replace her with a bunch of cats .
What ?
Okay , yeah , fine .
Terrific . My my point is you need to face up to what you are feeling with this breakup .
Okay , I got it , I got it , she is not your girlfriend . Now listen to me . I know about loneliness . I know about trying to replace someone with other stuff . When I broke up with Penny , I got back into my cello , I built a bunch of model rockets , I got those weightlifting gloves and that five pound dumbbell .
She did not dump me . It was mutual !
Okay , fine . Live with cats . Be like my Aunt Nancy . She had dozens of them . And do you know what happened after she died ? They ate her .
Hold on to that thought .
Surprise .
My , my , that is a powerful smell .
Yeah , I get it . You got a lot of cats and you gave ’em cute Jewish names .
Leonard called , and he said that you were pining for a young lady .
Oh , lambchop , we can quibble what to call it , but I think we can both agree it is creepy .
Shelly ! Dinner is ready !
No cats !
Your mother thinks you might be losing your mind over me . As a neurobiologist , I was curious .
Oh , God bless you , dear . Sheldon , sit down . Let is talk .
Then stop talking .
Now , the reason I called Amy over was to find out what type of person she is . And after chatting a bit , I have to say that while she is a perfectly unique young woman , you two are definitely not suited for each other .
Oh , I am sorry , Shelly , I ca not see it .
Excellent point .
Well , putting aside the pig Latin , it is a good thing that you two decided to end the relationship so I did not have to end it for you .
I will agree to that only if you will stipulate that 80% of our difficulties were caused by you .
Sixty five .
I do . I find being cast in the role of bad girl oddly titillating .
I would . I love cats . They are the epitome of indifference .
Next !
Thank you , Amy . Here is your cat . And here is your $20 .Raj : I am telling you , if xenon emits ultraviolet light , then those dark matter discoveries must be wrong .
Oh , you are so arrogant . If you were a superhero , your name would be Captain Arrogant . And you know what your superpower would be ? Arrogance .
Has it occurred to you you are missing the big picture ? If you look at neutron scattering data…
What is up ?
Hey .
You are being unreasonable . Why ca not I have a desk ?
You have a desk .
But I ca not have one .
Why ca not he have a desk , Sheldon ?
Oh , but there is money for a drawer full of Red Vines , a marshmallow shooting rifle , and a super executive ant farm with glow in the dark sand ?
Yeah , what if I buy my own desk ?
Why ?
Yes ?
Sheldon .
And I can put it in your office ?
Why would you want a glow in the dark ant farm ?
So anyway , Howard asked Penny to talk to Bernadette , and she did , and Bernadette agreed to meet him for a cup of coffee .
Yeah ?
You said I could buy a desk .
Is that the American idiom for giant , big ass desk ?
Can you say it again for me ?
One more time ?
Now three times fast ?
That is for me , Ramon , Julio , Jesus and Rodrigo to know and you to find out .
No .
No .
No .
I have three brothers and two sisters , Sheldon , I can do this all day .
Knock yourself out .
No .
No .
No . It is too Brobdingnagian .
Well , seeing as its purpose was to piss you off , I had say it is spot on .
Thank you .
Hey , Sheldon ?
Oh , God , what is that smell ?  . Oh ho hoo !
What are you doing in there ?
It is not gonna work , dude , I grew up in India , an entire subcontinent where cows walk in the street , and nobody has ever had a solid bowel movement .
Did not you say you are making hydrogen sulphide gas ?
Is not that flammable ?
Highly . Oh , dear . Leonard : All I am saying is , if they took all the money they spent trying to make a decent Hulk movie , they could probably just make an actual Hulk .
Thank you .
So what is going on with you two ?
Right , right . So you are still just texting and emailing ? You do not feel any need to hang out with her , you know , be in the same room ?
Got it .
No , no . Maybe a little .
Jealousy ? What do I have to be jealous of ?
Oh , right . That .
I am not jealous .
Probably . What is your point ?
Hmm , recently ? Not much .
Um , shut up .
That sounds lovely .
Sheldon , I am just not dating someone right now . I do not need to go to a senior centre .
Fine . If I do not meet someone soon , you can put me in a home .
Hey .
Great . You have a girlfriend , Howard is got a girlfriend , Sheldon is got a girl…
…who is a friend .
No .
No .
I do not know . Maybe .
Thank you .
What the hell ? How long has she been here ?
That was two hours ago .
From a neurobiological standpoint , Leonard , you may be alone because your psychological state is causing an actual pheromone based stink of desperation .
No .
No , I am not gonna try to pick up a woman in a bar .
That is not true of all bars . Juice bars , for example .
That was rude .
Cornucopia . What a mellifluous word .
Agreed . And we will use mellifluous tomorrow .
Wait . I have a request .
I had like you to meet my mother .
Certainly . Good night .
Yeah , what ?
Yeah . So ?
Well , you know how you are always saying that Amy is a girl who is your friend , and not your girlfriend ?
You ca not say that anymore .
Look , she obviously wants to take your relationship to the next level .
Me ? Well , how am I supposed to fix it ?
That is insane .
Okay , good luck .
Well , have you considered telling her how you feel ?
All right , well , let me see if I can explain your situation using physics . What would you be if you were attached to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis ?
There you go .
Well , I am off to meet Bernadette is friend . How do I look ?
What are you working on ?
Ah , you are going off the grid .
The old Unabomber approach . Kudos .
What if she just comes over ?
You changed the address on the building ? What about mail ?
Amy Farrah Fowler .
She is been here before .
What do you want to do ?
Okay , where are you ?
All right .
Sheldon ?
I believe a misunderstanding may have occurred when I asked you to meet my mother .
In what way are you screwed ? All I want to do is present you as my boyfriend to my mother so she will be satisfied that I am in a relationship .
Precisely .
Do not be absurd . I find the notion of romantic love to be an unnecessary cultural construct that adds no value to human relationships .
I trust this clarification allows us to return to boy slash friend slash girl slash friend status .
Sheldon , please , you are suffocating me .
It is nice to meet you , too , Sheldon . I honestly did not believe Amy when she told me she had a boyfriend .
What ?
You wanted me to have a boyfriend , Mother . Well , here he is . Have to sign off now . My hunger for Sheldon is stirring in my loins .
This is the worst cobbler I have ever eaten . I mean it tastes like it was made of actual ground up shoemaker .
Hey guys , guess who I found at LAX . My baby sister Priya .
Oh , Sheldon . You have not changed a bit , have you ?
Can you believe it ? Little Priya is one of the lead attorneys for the biggest car company in India .
Alright , this goes without saying , but I am just going to say it anyway . Hands off my sister .
Okay then .
Oh , not really , just hang out .
Train day ?
I do not think we are going to do that .
Uh , my plans with Priya .
Did you make it clear that it is two different train cars turned into hot dog stands ?
I guess he just hates fun .
I do not know , I just have the one day .
Not particularly .
It is getting pretty late , how come you are still up ?
That is pretty cool .
You have really got to get out more .
Yeah , he does but he got caught up in a computer game and…
If the past is any indication , no .
Drop axe .
Give me a minute . Sheldon ,
Sheldon , you need to work in the morning .
Well then , bed mister .
Really ? You are going to risk getting sleepy in the middle of your thermodynamic fluctuations seminar ? You know what happens when you yawn in public .
You do not want that , do you ?
Oh , uh , building manager . They have to fix a pipe so the water will be off tomorrow from noon to two .
No , no , it does not matter , we will be at work .
Bifurcated uvula , Sheldon !
We are going to have to be very quiet .
No , no , no , no , no . You just need , you just need , you just need to map it out . Come on , I will help you . So , uh , you stopped at the stream and you turned north three times ?
Aha , you are funny .
What ?
Oh , uh , yeah , I was trying to see if I could laugh as a woman .
Air freshener .
Uh , rash , that is a bad rash .
Uh , yeah , yeah , that sounds great .
Okay , he is in the bathroom , let is go .
Uh , cream .
Without .
Fine . With .
Use your best judgement .
Sounds great .
Good morning , Sheldon .
Making pretty good time , huh ?
No .
Please do not tell anyone I spent the night with Raj is sister .
No one is going to ask if I spent the night with Raj is sister .
Like what ?
Priya and I are both adults . We did not betray Raj .
What are you talking about ?
Okay , fine , I betrayed Howard .
Alright , and Raj .
You ?
Okay fine , I am , I am a horrible human being , I am the Darth Vader of Pasadena .
My point is , Priya is gone . And it would be much better if no one else found out about this .
Yes .
You can if you try . Think about it this way , if I were Batman and you were Alfred , you had keep that secret . Right ?
Because , well , Batman has the secret .
Like what ?
What .
Kind of busy here , Sheldon .
What do you want .
What alibi ?
Oh , I am so sure I am going to regret this , but , who was I with ?
Oh , God .
Leonard , call me if you are interested in coitus . Sincerely , Maggie McGeary .
Top of the morning to you . You have reached Maggie McGeary . Leave a message after the wee little beep .
Where did you get that ?
An orang u tan ?
C amon Raj , how am I supposed to know who she is attracted to . Or was attracted to . Or who she might be attracted to . In the future .
To , uh , Lucky Baldwin is .
Yes .
As a matter of fact I . . I… I ca not… I ca not… I ca not do it .
Look , I am sorry Raj , but the truth is I was with Priya last night .
What were you doing with Priya ?
Excuse me , I think how could you she is my sister takes precedence over a five year old pinky swear !
Dude ! I put that thing on my face !
And as long as we are talking about betraying our friends , how about the month Sheldon spent grinding up insects and mixing them into Leonard is food .
You put moths in my food ?
Well , uh , I ca not believe you used Sheldon is toothbrush .
As long as we are apologising , Sheldon , I , I am sorry I used your toothbrush .
I got you a talking Thomas the Tank Engine for Thanksgiving .
Yes .
Hey , you got Snoopy out . Can I have a snowcone ?
These are pretty god , what flavour is this ?
Papaya ?
Guava ?
I give up .Leonard : No , seriously , I think I have finally figured out my problem with women .
What does that have to do with me and women ?
Good news . I made it onto the team for the new Defence Department laser equipped surveillance satellite .
Nobody cares . Do you know how long it is been since I got through airport security without being given a colonoscopy ?
Fine , Sheldon , tell us about your giant rodents .
Want to get that ?
Could you get that ?
Would you please get that ?
Dr . Cooper ?
I am Special Agent Page , FBI .
Here is my I .D .
I just want to ask you a few questions about Howard Wolowitz .
Thank you .
Fidelity , bravery , integrity ?
Well , the FBI Crime Lab does have a lot on its plate .
Would you mind if we talked about Mr . Wolowitz now ?
Thank you . Would you characterize him as responsible ?
That is really not the sort of thing we are interested in .
I did .
I am afraid not . Is there anything else ?
The Mars Rover ?
You did .
Yes , well , let is talk about it anyway .
Thank you , Dr . Cooper . I think I have all I need .
To tell you the truth , I thought if anyone was going to screw things up for Howard , it had be Sheldon .
What are you doing up ?
Really ? Maybe sleep has met you before .
I am sorry . Why ca not you sleep ?
Did something happen today that is bothering you ?
What ?
Because you feel guilty ?
Actually , you do not have insomnia . You are sleeping now .
You are having a guilt ridden dream .
How about that Gorn sitting on the couch ?
Thank you for filing a complaint with my superior , Dr . Cooper . I understand you want to recant your statement about Howard Wolowitz .
Was your statement untrue ?
Then I am afraid you ca not withdraw it .
Is there anything else ?
I am sorry , Dr . Cooper , this matter is already closed .
It is closed .
This is Leonard Hofstadter ?
I think he is eating lunch . Uh , Sheldon , I want you to meet Neil deGrasse Tyson from the Hayden Planetarium in New York .
But I actually did not demote Pluto . That was a vote of the International Astronomical Union .
You ?
And they were okay with that ?
Are you kidding me ? You have set my career back at least two years , and you think you can make it right with I am sorry ?
Your apology is not accepted .
Dr . Cooper , I just wanted you to know I am sorry for the role I played in the Pluto matter .
Sheldon ?
What are you doing here ?
You know , they have a really nice bar over at the Olive Garden .
Okay , Sheldon . What can I get you ?
Could you be a little more specific ?
I am sorry , honey , I do not know millilitres .
Would you say that is about 40 milliliters ?
Great .  Now , where were we ?
A what ?
Here you go , one Rosewater Ricky .
Oh , yeah , you know , every bartender makes it differently . Why do not you give it a try .
All right . Sheldon , what is on your mind ?
Oh , right , that . Yes , Leonard told me . Sorry , honey .
I drink .
You know , sometimes stuff just happens , and there is nothing you can do about it . For example , Lisa Peterson has not talked to me since the 11th grade , because no matter how much you apologize , you ca not go back and un dry hump someone is boyfriend .
Exactly . Sometimes you ca not win .
Kirk cheated .
Right there with you .
What ?
What ? Sheldon , you ca not reprogram people .
Hey .
Not really .
Oh . Go away , Sheldon .
What is in the bag ?
Oh . Sheldon , you ca not fix this with gifts .
You are giving me a couch cushion ?
But you love that spot .
All right . Apology accepted .
I got to tell you , Sheldon , I understand why you chose this spot . I mean , the temperature is good , but there is no draft . I can see the television , but I can still talk to…
You know , I could totally rock a hat like that .
Would someone please turn off the Sheldon commentary track ?
Well , I am watching it now . Why would I want to see it again on Friday ?
Exactly . They say it finally solves the submarine controversy .
Relax , it is five o’clock . The movie does not start till midnight .
You know , if we miss it , we will have the fun of listening to Sheldon whine about it for the rest of our lives .
Actually , I am not . I am using sarcasm to mock you .
Do not worry , Sheldon . We will be fine .
Oh . Well , he waited in line for 14 hours , while you napped in a lawn chair , he got in a fight with a Klingon when he stepped out of line to pee and you would not wake up to vouch for him , and worst of all , he saw Star Trek : Nemesis .
Excellent .
Actually , as the newest member of your social group , I believe I will gain more acceptance by arbitrarily siding with your friends from time to time .
Hysterical !
All right . I will have to go shopping .
Who‘s there ?
Hugh who ?
Ooh . Ca not wait for that to start .
Eight for 28 .
Well I earned it , dude , I ate all my broccoli .
Hey , guys , bad news . I just did a quick calculation . Given the size of the theatre  and the length of this line , we might not get seats .
Nice going , Raj , just got him down for his nap .
It is fine , it is fine . Go back to sleep .
Hey , look who is here ! Hey , buddies !
Mee sa think that very funny .
I am a big fan .
Oh , awesome . We sa gonna go into the movie now . Bye bye .
Calm down , Sheldon .
Oh , oh , uh , looks like they are getting ready to let people in .
Why do you read his Twitter feed ? You know it is only going to upset you .
Oh . All right . What is the circumference of your areolas ?
Guys , I am sorry . We are full up .
Sorry . Fire regulations . Should have gotten here earlier .
I guess that is that . Let is go home .
We can still see something . Uh , the new Sandra Bullock movie is playing two blocks away . You know Sandy B always brings it .
Where did he go ?  We are looking for Sheldon , not Marmaduke .
What is that ?
Sheldon , this is crazy .
Listen to me . You are over tired . You are not thinking right . Put the movie back before we get into trouble .
Oh , look who they let in .
He is got the movie ! Get him !
He is not braver than whoever uses the bathroom after The Thing ?
How about the guy who gets a prostate exam from Wolverine ?
That was odd .
Oh , okay . Good . I do not need more comics . Howard is gonna stop by , we are gonna play intergalactic battleship and Indian Monopoly .
You will never guess what just happened .
No .
Penny kissed me .
Penny kissing me is not insane . She used to kiss me all the time .
Why do I bother talking to you people ?
Yeah , sure .
Love you , too .
Maybe .
Ba ba ba ba . Are you sure you want to include him in this ?
No , you are right . No , there is , there is no plots , no trucks , no feet . So what other annoying habits shall we discuss ?
Fines ?
I will friend you on Facebook .
Yeah , well , not necessary . We broke up again .
Why ? You writing a book ?
Nothing happened . Can we please just change the subject ?
Hey .
Fine .
It is . You just kind of put a damper on things when you said , the next person I see talking with food in their mouth will be put to death .
Great .
Five million , three hundred eighteen thousand and eight ?
We are good .
We get it . 73 is the Chuck Norris of numbers .
12 years after high school , and I am still at the nerd table .
It is too thin if I were making a foot long brain sandwich at Quiznos . For examination under a two photon microscope , it is fine .
Very well . If you die and donate your body to science , I promise to slice your brain like Canadian bacon .
Now , if you will excuse me , I have to take my temperature .
No , I experienced some distressing symptoms last night , so I am checking my vital signs every hour .
Oh , that sounds like fun .
Elevated heart rate , moist palms , dry mouth and localized vascular throbbing .
Ears and genitalia .
I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette , drinking water , carbonated as it was a special occasion . Penny is friend Zack stopped by and said hello and I said hoo .
Zack .
Ask what ?
Zack .
Hoo .
Why do you keep saying Zack ?
I am not saying hoo now . I said hoo last night .
There was no question . I simply said hoo .
My blood work shows thyroid function normal . Cortisol levels normal .
Sheldon , I am not going through menopause .
I think we need to face the cold , hard truth , I was sexually aroused by Penny is friend Zack .
Let is look at this logically . I have a stomach , I get hungry . I have genitals , I have the potential for sexual arousal .
Religion ?
No .
Are you suggesting we live our lives guided by the philosophies found in cheap science fiction ?
What are you doing ?
Is it possible that your concern for me at this moment is motivated by nothing more than simple jealousy ?
And ?
You reject it because you do not feel jealousy , or because you are suppressing jealousy ?
That is not your lunch , Sheldon , those are the cadaver brain specimens .
Hey . Is not tomorrow your usual laundry night ?
That is thinking ahead .
So how is Amy ?
Oh , no . Why ?
Just going to skip over that insult .
Oh ! Okay . Wow .
Are you sure ?
I am suggesting there might be something you could do about Amy is urges ?
Yeah . That is not what I had in mind .
Exactly .
Suppose there are worse ways to spend a Friday night . None come to mind .
I am sure it will wash off .
There is Zack .
It is not what I want to do , it is what I have to do .
Thank you , Sheldon . You are a good friend .
Fellas . It is been 30 minutes . Nobody is touched each other .
As am I .
Lesser Warlord of Ka’a .
Infinite Sheldon ?
Do you understand why people do not want to play with you ?
You know , I saw this great thing on the Discovery Channel . Turns out that if you kill a starfish , it will just come back to life .
Well , maybe we can do an experiment to find out .
Oh , I see . You guys are inferring that I am stupid .
What would I even say ?
A Milk Dud ?
Junior Mints are pretty apologetic .
Come on , that is what we do . We give each other a hard time . Hey , Sheldon , you look like a praying mantis .
I do not know , it still was not very nice .
Really ? I have not been to a comic book store in literally a million years .
Wow , this place is awesome . Where do they keep the Archies ?
So are you guys coming to my New Year is Eve costume party ?
Switching it up from last year when we came as the Justice League of America .
Hey , I got new boots this year . Guaranteed to add three inches .
Than than Leonard in high heeled boots ? Howard is mother in high heeled boots ?
You ca not replace me with Zack .
Score . I got an Archie , Betty and Veronica , and a Jughead . All set for my weekend number twos .
I do not want to be Aquaman . He sucks . He sucks underwater . He sucks fish pee .
We are going to a costume party at the comic book store on New Year is Eve , and you get to be Wonder Woman .
Okay , what about your friend Amy ?
What are you doing ?
You are jogging .
I am Batman .
All right . Let is get this thing over with .
Well , actually .
Then who are you talking to ? Babe ?
What the hell is wrong with you ?
Okay . What do you want , Sheldon ?
Really ?
No . Wait , wait , does it ?
Good bye , Sheldon .
I do not know . Somebody bigger and , yeah , sure . Why not you ?
Oh , great . No Superman , no Wonder Woman ? All we have got is a skinny Flash , an Indian Aquaman , a nearsighted Green Lantern , and a teeny , tiny Dark Knight .
Ooh , I call Kermit .
Okay , let me see if I understand this . You want me to convince my ex girlfriend to go to a costume party with her new boyfriend just so we can win a stupid prize ?
Okay , the good news is , we have a Wonder Woman .
Yes .
And the award for best group costume goes to Justice League of America number three !
Ten , nine , eight…
Seven , six…
Five , four , three…
Two , one ! Happy New Year !
What should we do ?
That is a Hanukkah present you are regretting , huh ?
I had a great idea . You know how we are always having to stop and solve differential equations , like when you are doing Fourier analysis , or using the Schrodinger equation ?
You know what is a great app ? The one that makes fart noises .
Can you say that and not make it sound like I am a cat who learned how to use the toilet ?
Yeah .
I checked the App Store . No one is doing handwriting recognition differential equation solving .
What ?
Okay , stop , stop !
Satisfied ?
Well , hang on . Let is see where he is going .
Hang on . Let is see where he is going .
That is ridiculous .
There is your answer , free food .
Hey , why am I in charge of phone support ? Seems a bit racist .
Oh . Very clever . But still racist .
Why am I listed as your executive assistant ?
Okay , we need to stop for a minute .
Sheldon , you are not in charge . It is my idea . I am in charge .
Well , yes , and you are listed as Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer .
Ooh . Leonard is going all alpha nerd on Sheldon is ass .
Thank you . I thought we might start by talking about the user interface .
So this button here will allow you to scan a new equation , but over here , you can press this , and just substitute new values for the coefficients .
What ?
It is not a joke . It is the real design .
Sheldon , I think this will work . Let is just try it my way .
Are you done ?
So right now , this button press event is just triggering a dummy procedure call…
So it spells Sheldon ?
Like I was saying , right now it is just a dummy procedure , but eventually , it will drop us into…
No .
That is just Sheldon backwards .
We are not wasting time with names right now .
No .
Again , right now it is just a dummy procedure , but eventually , it will drop us into…
Oh Sheldon , stop it .
That is enough , Sheldon .
Okay , that is it , you are fired .
Because you are impossible to work with .
What are you doing ?
But I fired you .
No , you are now nothing . You have no connection to this project whatsoever .
I do not want it better . I want it my way .
What the hell are bus pants ?
Look , I am still happy to drive you to work . Nothing is changed in that regard . We are still roommates , we are still friends .
It means after we play handball , I am showering at home .
World is Greatest Astrophysicist ?
Howard Wolowitz . Why not World is Greatest Engineer ?
We are not quitting on Leonard .
What are you talking about ?
No . The moment has passed .
You mean , Project Lenwoloppali ?
We are actually scanning equations and getting good results .
What are you doing ? !
No . I mean , what are you doing with a theremin ?
Sheldon ! We are working here !
No , that was completely called for . We need quiet .
Well , seeing as your project is to sabotage my project , yes .
What you doing ? Trying to contact your home planet ?
Something got you down , there , Sheldon ?
Oh , honey , I am sorry .
Is that so ?
Aw .
Hey , you do not need Leonard and his app . You can make one with me .
Seriously , I have a great idea for one .
Okay , look , when you see someone wearing shoes you like , you just snap a picture of them , and the app goes on the Internet to find out where you can buy them .
Well , you do not like it ?
Why not ?
And Leonard did not want to work with you ? Imagine that .
Sheldon , I am gonna make some cocoa . Do you want some ?
Milk .
That is what it says on the packet .
No , sorry .
What does that mean ?
I will tell you one thing . If I get rich enough , that is the kind of girl I want to take on a submarine ride . And yes , that time , I meant it to be dirty .
Oh , yes . He says they are lost without you .
That is right .
No , no , no . You know , they have suffered enough . Everybody is suffered enough . The thing is , you are going to have to offer him a face saving way out of this .
Say you are sorry .
Okay . Um , how about this ? You know how you are always trying to learn about sarcasm ?
No ?
Oh . Good for you . So all you have to do here is say you are sorry to Leonard , but say it sarcastically .
Yeah . Yeah , that was my plan . All right . Come on . Let is go .
Oh , you are welcome .
Okay , now that you are back on the team , let is get you caught up .
Thank you . So as you can see , not only can you store your favourite equations , but you can forward them to your friends or post them on Facebook right from the app .
Thanks .
We have .
Okay , these are Uggs . These are Crocs . These are knockoff Manolo Blahniks .
Look , you said it yourself , we have to create a database before you can write an alga thingy .
Bored . Okay . These are Steve Maddens . These are Nine West . These are Target . Oh , but do not they look like Chanel ? These are Michael Kors . These are Roxy . These are Sachel is . Oh , these are Betsy Johnson , they are so cute…Penny : Hey . So you guys ready to order ?
Oh , gee , Amy , I am sorry , I am actually pretty busy this weekend .
Boy , this is great . I have not had a vacation in ages .
That does seem to be a valid principle .
I do not believe there is any such thing .
Do not worry . Just sit next to me during the quiz , and you can copy my answers .
Nobody cares about your Kegel exercises .
Yay !
Fine .  Red Five to Red Leader . What do you want now ?
Still right behind you .
No , we discussed it . We decided we did not want to jeopardize our relationship by getting to know each other too well .
Are you an element in the actinoid series ?
Are you usually radioactive when found in nature ?
Are you in the lanthanoid series ?
Uh , I do not know . Are you food ?
Well , it is a table , right ? I mean , why ca not there be food on it ?
Who elected you Road Trip God ?
It was a late night vote . We were all exhausted , and he was threatening to filibuster . It is not technically Road Trip God , it is Travel Supervisor .
Good night .
We are not having coitus .
Oh , my God , I am crying already .
Why ?
Penny is here .  No , we do not want to watch Bridget Jones is Diary !
Are we talking about women wanting penises ? Because I had like to weigh in .
We were not getting back together ! It was a one time thing !
Yeah , hi .
Let me ask you something , Bernie .
I had like to weigh in here . No .
Red Leader to Red Five . Red Leader to Red Five . Anybody up for a little game ? I spy with my little eye , a nonferrous metal .
Because we are going 120 miles per hour .
Yeah .
Really ? Triumphant ?
I do not know , I kind of promised Howard .
Actually , we should all share the moment . Raj , if you would .
Oh , uh , from the context , we think it means kill me now .
So , what do you think ?
Not even when I do this ?
Well , that was the last arrow in my quiver of whimsy .
If this humiliating experience is really troubling you , there are things we could do about it .
Well , the first thing that comes to mind is isolating the part of your brain where the memory is stored and destroying it with a laser .
All right . Have you considered improving your socialization skills , thus allowing you to communicate more effectively with other people ?
Fair enough , but in its essence , teaching is a performance art . In the classroom paradigm , the teacher has the responsibility to communicate , as well as entertain and engage .
Perhaps you should consider taking acting lessons .
What ?
I am not an actress . I am an actress .
You want an acting lesson ?
Okay , where is this coming from ?
Yeah , I saw those . They were funny . I printed a few out and put ’em on my fridge .
Okay , just to be clear . You are asking me for help because I know something that the brilliant Dr . Sheldon Cooper does not .
I think it is the only way to look at it .
Probably . I am just enjoying the foreplay . Does this mean you are done mocking my acting career ?
Forget it .
Just that I am definitely not gay .
What is wrong ?
You were acting ?
Well , good for you . Come on in .
Well , I thought we had start with some basic movement exercises . You know , get our bodies warmed up a little .
Come on , you got to work with me . We need to get connected with our bodies .
All right , let is just say we have warmed up .
Okay . One of the things that might help you in connecting with your students is being a little more spontaneous . So why do not we try some improvisation ?
This is all about listening and responding .
I am going to create a character and a situation , and you just jump in when you feel it .
All right .
Okay , it is not a movie . It is improv . So no one calls action .
Okay . Uh , no , the shipment has not arrived , and I really need those shoes . They are my biggest seller . Yes , ladies sizes six through ten . Thank you . Oh , sorry , I have to go , I have a customer . Bye bye . Hi . Can I help you ?
Yogurt ?
Um , okay , sure . Luckily , we sell both shoes and yogurt here .
Yes . Look up at the sign , and remember , improv is always about saying yes .
What ?
Okay , you know what ? Let is just try a different improv . Uh , oh , this time we will be two winos living under a freeway overpass .
You bet . I had dreams , you know . I was gonna be famous . Show everybody back home I could be someone . Now look at me . Want some ?
So , did you get a chance to go over the scene I gave you ?
Okay , Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is an American classic .
Fine . What would you rather do as a scene study ?
And you think it is better than Tennessee Williams ?
Where No Sheldon Has Gone Before .
KMN .
Okay , that is fine , but let is try and get you out of your comfort zone .
Okay , the whole point of this is to loosen you up a little , so I am thinking you will play the role of your mother , and I will bring life to Mr . Spock .
It is only logical .
All right .
Okay , okay . We get it . You set the scene .
Now just read your mother is line .
Woo woo woo woo woo woo . Spock to Enterprise . Transport successful .
Greetings , Mary Cooper . I am Spock .
Just keep going !
We have been monitoring your son Sheldon from the 23rd Century , and we have determined that he is now ready to join us . His unique genius is our best hope for bringing peace to a vast and troubled galaxy .
Okay , okay , let is try that last line again , and this time , maybe try choking up a little .
Well , you are losing your son .
All right , come on , just try it my way . Pretend you are sad to see him go . I am gonna lead you in . His unique genius is our best hope for bringing peace to a vast and troubled galaxy . That is your cue .
All right , come on , come on . Put some real emotion into it . Blah blah , blah , blah , vast and troubled galaxy . Go .
That is good . That is good . That is good .
Okay , I guess we are improvising now .
Mrs . Cooper , hey , it is Penny . Yeah , I think I broke your son . Hey , hold on . Talk to your mother .
You take this one . I spent an hour last night on how do vampires shave when they ca not see themselves in the mirror ?
Why is the president of the university slumming in the cafeteria ?
Hey , there is my favorite geniuses ! How are we doing today ?
Sorry , Dr . Cooper , I forgot you have a touch phobia .
I am in !
Just a little fund raiser for the university .
I understand your reticence , Dr . Cooper , and I sympathize , but the hard facts are , occasionally , we have to shake a few hands and kiss a few butts to raise money for our research .
So , Saturday night ! It is gonna be off the hook .
What about Sheldon ?
Really ? What do we tell Siebert ?
Sheldon , it is Saturday night , you will be doing laundry .
It is Koothrappali . I have to tinkle .
Well , normally I respect your macho rebellious attitude toward The Man , but , in this case , I think you have made a foolish mistake .
Sheldon , like it or not , until you manage to upload your intelligence into a self sustaining orbiting satellite , equipped with high speed Internet and a cloaking device , you will be dependent on other members of the human race .
Technically , Faisal is my fiance . But I do have a state of the art two photon microscope and a place to stay in Riyadh for the winter .
And consider this , without you to make the case for the physics department , the task will fall to people like Leonard and Rajesh .
Well , then prepare to be terrified . If your friends are unconvincing , this year is donations might go to , say , the geology department .
Or worse , it could go to the liberal arts .
Millions of dollars being showered on poets , literary theorists and students of gender studies .
Hello , Mrs . Latham . Yes , I live with him . I do not , I , I really do not know why . Tonight ? Sure , that had be great . Okay , I will , I will see you then . Bye . She wants to have dinner and talk about my research .
Well , wherever we are going , she is sending a car to pick me up .
What ?
Excuse me , but you are not the only distinguished scientist in this apartment . I have been published in peer reviewed journals , I received a Dissertation of the Year award for experimental particle physics .
Yes , Sheldon . Keep watching .
Swell . I need a drink . Do we have any alcohol ?
Well , Mrs . Latham said she was seriously considering donating money so we could get a cryogenic centrifugal pump .
Then she stuck her tongue down my throat .
I was able to get out of there before anything else happened , but she wants to see me again tomorrow night .
What ?
Well , n no , hold on a second , I am not going to sleep with her .
Well , forget it ! It is not gonna happen .
What was all that about me trading sexual favours for material gain ?
I will not be too late . I am just gonna make a final pitch for the funding and then say good night .
What is this ?
I am not going to have sex with her .
Are you insane ? I am not going to prostitute myself just so we can get some new equipment .
Good night , Sheldon .
He still will not shag the old lady , huh ?
Oh , please , I recognize the walk of shame when I see it . All you are missing is a little smeared mascara and a purse with panties wadded up in it .
Oh , nothing is going on . Excuse me .
Yeah .
Oh , yeah .
No , I did not do it for the money .
I believe that is what your roommate did to her .
No , I mean , I , I , I got the money first .
Uh , I am gonna go lie down .
Hey !
No , we agreed they all have their merits . This was about Bernadette .
Howard is gonna sleep here tonight . He had a fight with his mother .
No .
Tea does sound nice .
Wait , wait . What ?
Yeah , that is a real pickle . Bye .
That is not really necessary .
Thanks .
It is completely inappropriate for a single woman to entertain a man in private . If you insist on talking , you must do it on the couch ! All right , you may talk in the bedroom , but I want this door to remain open ! All right , just this once you may close the door . But keep in mind I will be right out here monitoring the situation !  Oh , damn it . Leonard , when you get this message , call me .  Priya , this is your brother . When you get this , tell Leonard to check his voicemail .
That is very nice of you , but I made other plans .
Hey .
Listen , Rajesh , Leonard and I have decided to see each other again , and you do not get to tell me who I can and ca not have a relationship with .
Oh , yeah , you , too .
Ooh , I thought I smelled pizza .
Oh , yes . Hi , hi . I am sorry . I did not know you had company . I do not want to impose .
Oh , yeah , yeah . It is real great . Today I drove to Van Nuys for an audition I thought was going to be for a cat food commercial . Turned out to be porn .
I did not do the audition .
I smell Chinese food .
Are Leonard and Priya here ?
Oh . Where is Raj ?
How about Howard ?
Oh , okay . Well , I guess it is just the two of us , huh ?
Sheldon , you have a guest who is upset .
Oh , sweetie , it is okay . I do not want tea .
Okay , I am out of here .
I am having dinner with Priya at Raj is . I think Howard is going to be there . You want to join us ?
Ca not we make a one time exception for tonight ?
Just come with me to Raj is .
It is not a party . It is the same group of people who hang out here , hanging out over there .
How come it is not a party when we do it here ?
I do not know what to tell you , Sheldon . I am going to see Priya . Everyone is over there . You coming or not ?
I guess you are right . See you later .
Come with me to Raj is and eat there .
I really doubt that is what he will serve .
What do you want to do ? You want to come with me , or do you want to sit here alone ?
What ?
So do not watch TV . Read a book .
Ugh !
Right .
Oh , sounds great .
That is got to be fun for you , huh ? Watching Hofstadter suck the saliva out of your sister is mouth ?
There is no assigned seats , Sheldon . Just sit anywhere . Make yourself comfortable .
Just sit here .
Okay , we have got fajitas with all the fixins , so you make your own .
Do you want a margarita , Sheldon ?
Oh . Hey , Sheldon . What can I get ya ?
Where are all your friends ?
Okay .
Well , I was getting your stupid umbrella , but all right . What is troubling you , buddy ?
Oh , the horror .
Ugh !
Sheldon , are you all right ? When last we spoke , you were going to take a taxi home from Raj is , but according to Facebook , you just checked in at the Cheesecake Factory .
Yeah , it is a great time to be alive , is not it ?
Your flaring nostrils indicate otherwise .
Sheldon , look at me . I think it is time to face the fact that Leonard is the nucleus of your social group . Where he goes , the group goes .
What you doing ?
You do realize everyone is eating at Raj is again tonight ?
You are having people over ?
Really ? LeVar Burton is coming here ?
Okay , well , tell him I loved him on Star Trek .
Of course . Good night .
Yeah ?
Okay .
It certainly is .
I am leaving .
Good bye , Sheldon .
Um . Hi . I am Stuart . I run a comic bookstore , which for financial reasons , I am currently living in . And I guess what I am hoping for most out of tonight is a hot shower .
I am Zack , and I am , uh… uh… could you come back to me ?
I am Barry Kwipke , and I am here because you told me there was going to be a whaffle . When is the whaffle ?
One more question…
Anyway , after we get done snowboarding , I go back to the lodge and get in the Jacuzzi . There is no one around , so naturally , I am free balling it . Next thing I know , this beautiful chick shows up , drunk out of her skull , wants to get in with me .
What is the difference ?
Is that like all thumbs are fingers , but not all fingers are thumbs ?
Oh , yeah . Right . Anyway , she takes off all of her clothes , climbs into the hot tub , and the first thing I notice…
No .
Tewwific . Go ahead , Zack . Naked dwunk girl , fwee balling , continue .
Does yours have wet bweasts in it ?
So , long story short , I nailed her .
No , I always shout , Holy Moly ! Do not know why . Just do .
Check .
Anybody do Walking on Sunshine yet ?
Come on in .
Hey . I thought you were with your new buddies .
Come here , Sheldon . Sit here with me .
Would you like some homemade chili ?
Yes .
Sheldon , do you want some or not ?
Cheers .
Actually , I do . I believe the Romans used to put spiced toast in their punch bowls .
Hey , Raj , wanna see a new magic trick I have been working on ?
Now remember your card , put it back in the deck .
Yes , it is . Very cool !
A magician never reveals his secrets . But surely a future Nobel prize winner can figure it out .
Seven of clubs ! That is amazing !
Oh , really ? So how did I do it ?
I thought you had more important things to think about .
Oh , big deal . Not knowing is part of the fun .
Oopsy .
Fine . Get another deck and I will do the trick with that .
Oh , unbelievable ! Know how he did it yet ?
Hey , I think I know how you did the card trick .
Is the autumn cruel for letting the flowers die , or is that just nature is way ?
What ?
I am not opening that door , Sheldon .
Yep .
Nope .
No .
Whatcha doin’ ?
What is up with the infrared cameras ?
Holy crap , are you connected to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory ?
Sheldon , that computer is used for National defence . Hacking into it is a Federal crime .
Okay , I am leaving before the black helicopters get here .
It is pretty spicy .
Really ?
Beefaroni and a show ? How do you turn that down ?
Okay .
What is with the wand and the beep ?
These cards have barcodes on them . The wand is a reader . It is transmitting to your phone .
Bippity boppity boo yah !
Hey !
Why so glum , chum ?
Oh , that is too bad . Figure out the magic trick yet ?
Want me to tell you how to do it ?
I will show you one more time . Raj ?
All right .  . Two of hearts .
I hate you .
What is going on ?
Oh , my God , what did they get ?
You called the police because someone hacked your World of Warcraft account ?
Into the bag .
Oh , no , not Glenn ?
Thank you , officer .
Mr . Cooper , there is nothing…
Fine . Dr . Cooper . I am sorry for your loss , but the Pasadena Police Department does not have jurisdiction in Pandora .
What ?
Thank you , officer .
I am really sorry , Sheldon .
I do not know .
I am on it .  Hi , Mrs . Wolowitz . Is , is Howard there ? Okay , thanks . That particular dog of war will have to call you back after his bath .
Whoever did this knew what they were doing . He got in and out of your account in under 15 minutes , transferred all your stuff , and did not leave a digital fingerprint .
Hold on . I am talking to an orc under the bridge in Thunder Bluff who says if we pay him , he will help us track down your things .
Whoa ! Somebody is auctioning off a jewelled ostrich bridle !
Oh , I know . Bernadette told me . Sorry , Sheldon . I know that game meant a lot to you .
Okay , well , anyways , I brought you a day old cheesecake to cheer you up !
Just say thank you .
So , how do you guys want to play this ?
Sheldon , what if he gets his Internet from his cable company ? He could lose his HBO and all their delightful original programming .
Good , good . I will tell you what happens .
Good news , gentlemen , I found our hacker .
Yeah . No one can hide from me , not Waldo , not Carmen San Diego , not even topless Natalie Portman .
Thanks . Our culprit is one Mr . Todd Zarnecki , 2711 Ocean View Road , Carlsbad , California .
Yes , he does live with his parents . Here is a Google Earth shot of their house .
Hold on , you are thinking of going there ?
Fine . You walk up to the house , knock on the door and demand your stuff back . What if he says no ?
No one is getting tortured .
I totally had one of those .
I have a hip hop aerobics class at five , could we go after ?
And me .
Whoopi and Rube Goldberg !
Hey , how about we stay the night and hit Legoland in the morning ?
Yeah , we are coming for you , Todd Zarnecki . And for the record , Legoland is more interactive .
I took the liberty of burning us a mix of heroic questing music .
Oh , yeah , I am feeling it .
Next time we go to kick someone is ass , we take the train .
Sheldon , let is go .
Why did you bring that ?
Okay , let is get clear on something . We are just going to tell this guy to transfer all of your stuff back into your account and then be on our way . No one is bat’lething anybody .
No .
Come on .
Who is it ?
Do not say your doom . Who opens the door for their doom ?
Uh , Sheldon ?
Yeah . Who are you ?
I do not think so . Let me see that .
I know . I have always wanted one .
Something is wrong , I am not getting any gas . Anybody know anything about internal combustion engines ?
Does anybody know how to fix an internal combustion engine ?
Well , we had better call somebody to come pick us up .
So did you at least get Sheldon is fake stuff back ?
How come ?
Okay .
Yeah , you too .Dr . Brian Greene : My new book , The Hidden Reality , takes on a grand question . Is our universe the only universe ? You see , there is a growing belief among scientists like me that ours may only be one among many universes populating a gigantic cosmos . In The Hidden Reality , I explore this possibility without presuming any knowledge of mathematics or physics on the part of the reader .
I am glad you talked me into this . We work so hard , sometimes , it is nice to goof off and do something silly .
You can think about Heisenberg is Uncertainty Principle much like the special order menu that you find in certain Chinese restaurants , where you have dishes in column A and other dishes in column B , and if you order the first dish in column A , you ca not order the corresponding dish in column B . That is sort of like the Uncertainly Principle .
Say , I heard an interesting tidbit about Howard and Bernadette .
Now , now . Evolutionary biologist Robin Dunbar has identified gossip as an aid to social bonding in large groups .
What if he is right ? And by not participating in gossip , society breaks down into small feral bands of tattooed motorcycle riders fighting to the death over the last few cans of tuna fish ?
Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard .
Yes ?
Yes , in part .
Excuse me ?
Nice shot .
Perfect .
Shooting at a target ?
An arrow .
I am not going to do that , Sheldon .
Really ? How could you tell ?
You do not say ?
So , what is the gossip ?
Fine , do not tell me .
Oh . That is too bad . I wonder what happened .
Fair enough . Now , what is up with Clarinet ? Bernadette !
Oh , yeah ? What about it ?
Lucky bastard .
I know . It will be awful .
Uh , a smile means something different in my country . You know , tears of joy , smile of sadness . India is a goofy place .
Did I tell you our lab got a grant to study addiction ?
Fascinating work . I recently trained a capuchin monkey to smoke cigarettes .
Yes . He looks much cooler than the non smoking monkeys . Although it is not much of a contest . The other monkeys just sit around and masturbate .
By all means .
I do not understand . The original piece of gossip indicated an impending breakup .
It is not surprising that the story has captured the attention of our little circle of friends . Are you familiar with meme theory ?
Meme theory suggests that items of gossip are like living things that seek to reproduce using humans as their host .
I should think so . That is gold .
Do you have any ethical qualms regarding human experimentation ?
We need to fabricate a tantalizing piece of gossip .
Then we will track its progress through our social group and interpret the results through the competing academic prisms of memetic theory , algebraic gossip and epidemiology .
Hey .
Hope you are hungry .
Will Amy be joining us for dinner ?
Good , good . Everything okay between you two ?
No reason . I was just talking to Raj , and he mentioned what a lovely glow she has these days .
No . That is not what he meant .
Yeah , you do . You dog , you .
Every word . Our false gossip meme appears to have reached node lambda .
Agreed . It appears the rate of gossip transmission is proportional to the number of nodes squared .
Bernadette just asked about my sexual encounter with you . The meme has reached full penetration .
No . Happy accident .
I should let you know that she asked for details about our dalliance .
Pun intended ?
Not important . I described your lovemaking as aloof , but effective .
I wonder what changed her mind .
You are pregnant ?
I ca not hear you , I am in the shower .
What ?
I ca not hear you , I am in the shower .
What kind of emergency ?
You might not want to do that .
Sheldon , I am not alone in here .
Hello , Sheldon .
We were in here first , you ca not be in here .
According to the roommate agreement , paragraph nine , subsection B , the right to bathroom privacy is suspended in the event of force majeure . And believe me , I am experiencing a very majeure force .
What ?
Proceed .
Can I see the roommate agreement ?
All right , based on a cursory reading , it does not look like you have much of a case , Sheldon .
Oh , I am afraid not . Section seven here , on the right to enter the bathroom in emergency situations , is not specific as to what constitutes an emergency .
Is it ? If Leonard forgot to trim his nose hair , could he barge in while you were showering ?
My point is , Sheldon , the legal principle is ambiguity in a contract benefits the party that did not draft it , in this case , Leonard . So much for count one .
Superceded !
I wish to discuss your theories of black holes . Meet me at the Randy is Donut by the airport at 2 :00 a .m .
According to what I see here , Thursday nights are Franconi is pizza night .
A good question , Howard . Turns out you ca not . According to the document you drew up , Sheldon , the selection of a new takeout restaurant requires public hearings and a 60 day comment period . Were those criteria met ?
Opa !
Not as much as you .
I got you the lamb kabob .
Hey . What is up ?
Oh , I am sorry , honey , I am meeting Amy and Bernadette for dinner . But you are welcome to tag along .
Okay , suit yourself . We will probably be trashing Priya a little .
Yeah . Last week we smoked cigars and pretended to be dragons .
You smell like baby powder .
Oh , I am not confused at all . You are like a sexy toddler .
Sheldon , have you ever kissed a girl ?
I am available for experimentation .
Oh , blah , blah , blah . Give me some sugar , bestie  .
Oh , I totally want to see Sheldon dance . I bet he looks like a spider on a hot plate .
Really ?
Did you take dance lessons ?
Oh , we are so taking you dancing .
Well , what does your cotillion training say is expected of a gentleman when three ladies ask him to escort them to a dance soiree ?
Where you can what ?
I kissed a girl and I liked it , I hope my boyfriend do not mind it .
How come if we are the smart people , we do not do this every night ?
My burps taste like cranberry juice .
Would you like to come in for a nightcap ?
I have yoo hoo .
Make yourself comfortable .
Oh , that is just Ricky .
Do not be silly . He is one of the animals in my department is nicotine addiction study .
I am giving him emphysema . The least I can do is let him hang out and watch cable .
A little . The real danger is him biting my face off while I am sleeping .
Yeah . He is kind of an ass .
Of course . What is rattling around that big bulbous brain of yours ?
And you want me to kill her ? Done .
I trained Ricky how to smoke . I can train him to shoot a poison dart . No jury would convict us ’cause people love monkeys .
Excuse me . Have you considered that your intelligence might be the very thing causing your dilemma ?
What do you think Ricky over here would do if an interloper encroached on his territory ?
You are being too literal . My point is , he would not meekly surrender to the rules , and neither should you .
Yes , dirty . Dirty , dirty , dirty . Which brings me to our next order of business .
Morning , Sheldon .
Why would I want to do that ?
Uh , Captain Kirk activated the self destruct sequence and threatened to blow up the Enterpriseand kill them both unless he gave in ?
What are you gonna do , Sheldon , blow up the apartment ?
So what happens when it counts down ?
Yeah , of course , just not today .
Please , do not push this .
No , he is bluffing .
It is blackmail !
We give up .
This is ridiculous .
Give him what he wants or we are done .
Really ?
Self destruct sequence aborted .
It most assuredly is not .
Yes . I also found a Korean man is business card tucked into my cleavage . What happened last night ?
Sheldon ?
Okay . Do not really know where we go from here .
Okay , see you later .
That is good news . Bye .
That , that is brilliant .
Okay , now I have to ask . What do they do ?
All right .
Elegant .
Okay , well , I look forward to playing with you .
And what ?
Excuse me , but Einstein had a pretty busy sex life .
Got it . Bye .
Thank you . Befuddled . The word I was looking for was befuddled .
I need a hug .
Come on , Sheldon , open the door .
I do not want to hug you , either . I was just feeling blue .
Well , not so much depressed as lonely .
What ?
Nothing rhymes with orange . It is probably lonely .
What are you doing ?
Oh , cool . Can I play ?
No .
No , thank you . I am fine .
I , uh , I guess you are probably wondering what is got me down .
I am going to be 30 years old , and I have no one in my life to love me . I am such a basket case , I ca not even talk to a woman without having alcohol in my body .
Sheldon , listen to me . I have a big decision to make , and I am scared .
A friend at the School of Pharmacology gave me these new pills they are testing . He says it is the next big thing for social anxiety disorder .
I am not sure . Some sort of beta blocker attached to a molecule extracted from the urine of cows .
That is not the point .
I am a scientist . My ability to think is my bread and butter . I am afraid if I take this , I might lose that special , unique something that makes me so successful in my field .
Thank you for coming with me , Sheldon . You are a good friend .
Hi .
We are scientists . We observe everything . Here , go buy yourself a scone .
You are cute .
Oh , I am sorry , we are out . We have muffins .
I…
I think the word you are looking for is befuddled .
Hang on . When is my pawn allowed to use the golf cart ?
Oh , oh , Beekeeper to King 12 . I capture your Pope and release the swarm . Checkmate on Sheldon .
Uh , that is my water .
My water . You are drinking it .
Yes . It is my water .
Here we go .
You guys ready to order ?
He drank from Leonard is glass .
That is actually my napkin .
Where are you going ?
Right , right , whereas Jewish mothers take a casual , la di da approach to their sons .
You all right ?
Oh , yeah , she is got puddles in all the right places .
Sorry . Walking tree .
Sheldon , that is my water .
I know .
Hey .
Have not seen you in a while . How is it going ?
I do not know , maybe , I have no idea what you said .
My mirth . Classic .
It is not a big deal , Sheldon . It is just , ever since Leonard is been dating Raj is sister , I have had to keep my distance . I do not get to hear all your jibber jabber .
What are you doing at work these days ?
Alright , come on , even you have to admit that is jibber jabber .
Sheldon , let is go !
Okay , well , your friend and his mother are there , we are going .
Oh , do not tell me you are afraid of germs .
Right , fine . I will tell Howard you did not come because you are more concerned about your own well being than his .
Okay , you know what ? You are unbelievable . You buy all these superhero T shirts , but when it is time for you to step up and do the right thing , you just hide in the laundry room .
What is the difference ?
Thanks for clearing that up .
Okay , you are not helping .
Go sit over there .
It is the circle of life , sweetie . One day our son will marry someone and it will kill you .
What is wrong with the bathroom here ?
Sheldon , my mother is on her deathbed and my fiancée is grief stricken over putting her there . I am not taking you home .
No !
Wait , you ca not leave here , you have been exposed .
Is it just me , or does she sound sexy when she is angry ?
I got a colossal serpent right here .
Sorry , I am just trying to cheer my buddy up . Rotting Zombie . Sheldon is new Facebook photo .
Well , you have milk in the taters , milk in the gravy , parmesan crust . Your lactose intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas filled Macy is Day balloon .
Kill me .
Guys , sorry I am late . I have amazing news .
Oh !
So , Howard , tell us , how is it feel knowing that when you two get married , you will be referred to as Mr . and Dr . Wolowitz ?
Paging Dr . Cutie Pie !
It is indeed admirable . Although , it is microbiology .
I will make it simple for you . I study the brain , the organ responsible for Beethoven is Fifth Symphony . Bernadette studies yeast , the organism responsible for Michelob Lite . Is there something wrong with your neck ?
Have you considered massage ?
I was proposing you massage your muscles with your own hands .
Trust me . With your right hand , locate the spot where the scapula meets the acromion process .
Now push your third finger along the ridge of the shoulder blade , making a small rotation as you do so .
You should feel a small node like object rolling back and forth along the bone .
Obviously . Now bear down on it like the seventh grade noogies we all know too well .
Do not flatter yourself . Your hands are blunt tools guided by my knowledge of the nervous system . I could just as easily have paralyzed you .
Can I sleep here tonight ?
Leonard is having astronomically inaccurate Star Trek sex with my sister .
Oh , do not bother . I will just sleep in Leonard is room .
Well , he is in my bed . Why ca not I be in his ?
Come on , dude , I am exhausted , and Tyra Banks says the most important item in your makeup bag is a good night is sleep .
Good night , Sheldon .
You are kidding .
Until you have kids .
When did you take my blood ?
What the hell is this ?
This says you can make end of life decisions for me .
Well , that seems fair .
Bring a ball or a Frisbee , you know , something he can chase .
Sheldon , dinner !
This is the difference between eating and dining .
Hey , Sheldon , did you change your Wi Fi password again ?
Thanks . Wow ! What is with the fancy spread ?
What do you mean , new roommate ? What happened to Leonard ?
He is living at my place , so I am living here .
Woah , Leonard and Priya are living together ? That is big .
Oh , no , no , no . I have had way too much already .
Hit me .
Monkeys .
When a suitcase just will not do .
Oh , God . Oh , God ! Oh . Okay , look . This never happened . Do you understand me ?  Really ? Still ca not talk to me ?
What ?
I live here .
Priya is going back to India .
I have been up all night . I had a fight with Bernadette .
She gave me a beautiful watch .
Yes .
Oh . It is , it is not what it looks like .
What are you grinding about ?
Just let it go , Sheldon .
They slept together , Sherlock .
She lied .
Hey .
No , I am fine with it .
What ?
That could have been about anyone . Besides , you have nothing to worry about , because now I am the dusky half of Koothrapenny .
Somewhere where no one is seen me naked . We may have to drive awhile .
Do we really have to wear this camouflage crap to play paintball ?
I am not in the mood , Sheldon .
I do not want to talk to Amy .
You called my mother ?
It is getting beautiful again .
I do not see anything .
Sure , whatever .
Sorry , Sheldon , it is just not a good time for playing games .
Yes , no and no .
Let it go , Sheldon . I will get you a Jamba Juice on the way home .
What are you doing ?
Let is get ’em !
Here , here .
Shh ! It is my agent , it is my agent . You are kidding . Oh , my gosh . I ca not believe it ! Really ? Oh , I am so excited , thank you , thank you so much . Okay , bye . I got the haemorrhoid commercial ! I start Monday .
How are you doing ?
Oh , uh , Priya is calling in a few minutes on Skype , and we are gonna have a dinner date .
Fine , whatever . Priya will be having breakfast .
That does not sound like mocking .
I do not know . Why ?
Listen , I do not want to be rude , but Priya is gonna be calling any minute , so…
Yes , I have always admired that about you .
Oh , good .
A hobby ?
You know , some people might say that it is great that we are trying to make things work long distance . They had say things like , love is stronger than the miles between you .
You video chat with Amy all the time . How is this different ?
Of course I like Amy .
Oh , I miss you , too .
Oh , it is no problem . It is actually kind of nice . You reading , me reading . We are like an old married couple .
I do not have iced tea and snickerdoodles .
I want a divorce .
It is great , is not it ?
What name ?
Oh , all right , well , I am glad you like it . I mean , I still ca not get over the fact someone just threw it away .
What is wrong ?
Sheldon , take it easy .
I went into this marriage with so much hope .
I do not want to talk about it . You did not catch bugs from Penny is chair .
Sheldon , you do this all the time . You fixate on some crazy idea and then blow it way out of proportion .
How about when you put GPS trackers in your garbage because you were convinced North Korean spies were stealing your doodles ? The chicken nuggets you were sure were human nuggets . The strangely shaped cloud that was following you around town . The time you put on my shirt by mistake and were convinced you had started growing again .
Yello .
Okay , relax . I took off the slipcovers , had them dry cleaned and then fumigated the cushions .
Yeah . It is cleaner than my couch . Found half a Hot Pocket in there .
Why do not you give it a try , Sheldon ?
Why do not you just admit you overreacted ?
What is up , buttercup ?
Nope .
What is the word , hummingbird ?
No .
What is the gist , physicist ?
Five , six , seven , eight . Tall and tan and young and lovely , the girl from Ipanema goes walking , and when she passes , each one she passes goes…
Oh… You are aware that your ritualistic knocking behaviour is symptomatic of obsessive compulsive disorder ?
Denial . Denial , denial . Come in .
Would you like to hear me play a sa nova standard on the harp ?
How about the theme song to the classic television show Diff arent Strokes ? Now the world do not move to the beat…
Well , that is every song I know . What is up ?
Best friends , besties , BFFs , peas in a pod , sisters who would share travelling pants . Go on .
For general educational purposes , or has she acquired a bar stool dipped in cholera ?
Yes , I am .
Sheldon , just because you have a focus on cleanliness bordering on the psychotic does not mean I have to participate .
Kiss me where I have never been kissed before .
Never mind . I will talk to Penny .
Will you listen to me play my harp now ?
Ooh , me .
Thank you all for this high honour .
All right , I got to go to work . I will walk down with you .
Neither of them are close .
Okay , I am not driving him .
What are you going to get at the train store , Sheldon ?
Which side do you come down on ?
Hang on . You seriously think I am going to live with your mother ?
Mmmmmm .
Rough night , Casey Jones ?
What is in the bag ?
I would , but the last wedding we went to was a disaster . He behaved like a child the entire time .
Does not matter . You are out , he is in . No date to the prom , two dates to a wedding . Hmm , how times change .
Frankly , after all your sleepovers with the little brown boy , a girl is a big relief !
Aw . So handsome . Like James Bond .
When you are done copping a feel , that goes on my wrist .
No . I will let him have tonight . Then in the morning , I will send him an e mail letting him know this body is never gonna be his wonderland . I mean , frankly , you have got a better shot than he does .
Sounds like you had a great night .
Not bad . I had a lot more fun with Amy than I thought I would .
Well , it turns out she really knows how to help a guy loosen up and have a good time . Although , truth be told , my groin is a little worse for wear .  Ow ! Why did you do that ?
What ?
If you want butter , I will get you butter .
I say , hey Ma , what is for dinner ?”
Maybe . We enter the dungeon .
Really ? So we are playing Dungeons and Dragons , and we walk into a dungeon and see a dragon ? Is not that a little on the nose ?
That is cruel . You know it goes straight to my hips .
I do not know if I want to play anymore .
Are we ready to order ?
With Dungeons and Dragons dice ?
So , what is for dinner ?
Uh , no , that is not it . Just come with me , please .
Do you really want that ?
What is it thinking about now ?
Ah , look at that . I have a date . I love America again .
Mustache is looking good there , Sheldon .
Why are you still doing this ?
You left out , got chafed testicles because you no longer wear underpants .
Handicapped people are nice , Leonard . Everyone knows that .
Could you tell us ?
Wait , hang on . Doubles . Roll again .
What do you mean , vastly wealthy ?
Look , I know they have money . I do not think it is that much .
Well , so how much is that ?
He is not going to listen , he is in love .
Try throwing it in the microwave for a few seconds .
Yeah , real big of you .
Hurry , hurry , hurry .Leonard : It is from Game of Thrones . What do you think ?
What did you have in mind ?
It would be a replica of a movie prop .
Well , they do not have an Excalibur here , so what do you want to do ?
Just Bilbo Baggins’ sword over there .
Yeah . It is okay , I guess .
Well , it is a limited edition . They only made 8 ,000 of these bad boys .
Are you kidding ? I am already giving you the friends and family discount .
Slow down . Two hundred .
Okay , two twenty five , my final offer .
Man , you are killing me !
Two ten , and I am losing money .
See that ? I just saved us forty bucks .
Ah , hey , Wil .
Hi , Sheldon . Nice sword .
No .
Good deal .
All right , great . Later .
I was actually thinking about going .
Sheldon , can you grab me a water ?
Can you or ca not you ?
It never is , is it ?
Got it . Can I have my water ?
Wait , what is going on ?
It gets better . Someone has to go up with the telescope as a payload specialist , and guess who that someone is .
Who is Mohammed Lee ?
Cheers .
Thank you .
Pretty cool about Howard , huh ?
For God is sake , will you stop with the Schrodinger stuff .
Sheldon , I know you are a bit of a left handed monkey wrench , but , you really have a mortal enemy ?
Oh , say no , say no , say no , say no .
A floppy disk ?
Oh ! Oh , God !
I hate to say it , but she did kind of betray you .
Going to Wheaton is party is not betraying you .
I am going to a party . I am not turning R2 D2 and C 3PO over to the empire !
All right , Sheldon , we are going to Wil is . This is your last chance .
Hey , Sheldon ?
No , I just got a text from Stuart . Brent Spiner is at the party .
Yes .
Really ? Brent Spiner , Mr . Data himself . You love him .
I am going . Live long and prosper , Sheldon .
What are you doing here ?
Hey , Sheldon , I am so glad you made it . I found something I think you might like .
This is for you .
Look at what I wrote .
It is my last one . I want you to have it .
Oh , wow . I have not seen one of these in years .  Remember how we used to make these things look like they were masturbating ?
Sorry , Slim . I have got some Mr . Data dolls in the trunk of my car . You want me to sign one for you ?
Do not worry . It does not take up a whole lot of your time .
It is called the Born Again Boat Ride . Christian Quarterly gave it their highest rating , five thorny crowns . I do wish you had come with me , Sheldon .
Oh , it is a hoot and a half . You write your sins on a clay pigeon , they fire ’em up in the air , and you pulverize them with a 12 gauge shotgun full of our Lord is forgiveness .
For example , if Shelly was aboard , he had write “smart mouth” on his pigeon , and then bam !
Sounds delicious .
Sheldon , she just got off the plane . She does not want to cook .
Actually , I would not mind going out for a bite , Sheldon .
I have never had it , but there is no harm in trying something new .
Actually , I had him tested as a child . Doctor says he is fine .
Irasshaimase !
What is the last thing you were ever happy about ?
So , Shelly , what is up with you and your friend Amy , if you do not mind a mother prying a bit ?
Oh , that is a funny turn , is not it ? You never think about it going the other way . Well , you ca not force things . You need to figure out if you are in a relationship or if you are just calling it one . It is like they say , a cat can have kittens in the oven but that do not make ’em biscuits .
It was good . The only thing that would have made it better is if it was cooked and if it was beef . Sheldon , when is your landlord going to fix the elevator ?
Your son seems to think we need to launch a pre emptive strike on Burbank .
I could not find you guys so I bought six new friends . Three , sadly , are dead .
I am so lonely .
Sheldon , your friend is hurtin’ . What do we do when someone is hurtin’ ?
And when they are drunk as a skunk , what beverage do we offer ?
I did not get a lot of that because of your accent , but the general tone was soothing and somehow I feel better .
You want some Or ?
No , regular .
Sure . One thing you really miss when you are on vacation is laundry .
Well , this takes me back . Me doing your laundry , you next to me criticizing .
Sheldon , you did not tell me your mom was coming .
Well , it is super cute on . That top has paid for itself in free drinks like ten times what it cost .
Oh , not crazy at all . And do not beat yourself up . When I was your age , you could have me for a car ride and a bottle of strawberry wine .
Nope . She says if I do not back out she is going to go on a hunger strike . It would take years before she had be in any kind of danger , but still .
I do not know , Shelly . I thought we could do a little sightseeing .
What do you say ?
Oh , doctors are always changing their mind . One week bacon grease is bad for you . The next week we are not getting enough of it . Good morning , Shelly .
Apology accepted .
I am still going out with your friends .
Shelly , I hung out with you in enough dusty lecture halls while you were growing up . I want to go sightseeing . So why do not you have some pancakes , get dressed and come with us .
You are right , I ca not . Have a nice day .
I am just gonna take my bacon grease and slide over there .
I am not abandoning you . Sheldon , abandoning you is leaving you in a basket on a church doorstep . I am going to Hollywood and thank a wax Ronald Reagan for his service to our country .
Sorry . Syrup .
Are you getting sick ?
Sheldon , is it possible that your foul mood , or , to use the clinical term , bitchiness , is because your mother is not making you a priority ?
Are you sure ? The infant mother pair bond is the building block of primate psychology .
Sheldon , we are all animals . And granted , there are aspects of you that are extraordinary , but when it comes to emotions and relationships , you are just like everybody else .
Actually , some research indicates that by not over thinking , the less intelligent handle emotions better .  Sure you are not coming down with a cold ?
No , you only get one wish .
Here .
Sweetheart , are you sick ?
Oh , sugarpie , you are burning up . We have got to get you to bed .
Do not worry . Mama is here to take care of her baby .
Of course .
You can have whatever you want .
Boy , last time I put VapoRub on you , you did not have hair on your chest .
And whose fault was that ?
Shelly , you are not eight years old any more . We have to have a different relationship .
Sweetheart , you are a grown man .
Oh , I so should have taken you to Houston .
Mrs . Cooper , were we supposed to take that pie out of the oven ?
Well , that was rude .
Happy kitty , sleepy kitty…
What are you trying to pull , Mom ? From the top .
Sheldon , Sheldon .
Sheldon .
You should have seen your face .
Come on , admit it . We got you , Sheldon .
We ca not beat him . He is just too smart .
Oh . Watch out , Sheldon . This little boy Casper is a g g g ghost !
That was pretty droll . With a hint of ammonia .
How many times are you gonna tell me ? What is with you ?
Oh . Yeah . That is gone . It is a rough month when Halloween and PMS hit at the same time .
Will you relax ? I will get it in a minute . Hey , how was work ?
Good morning , Sheldon .
You have a thing of paper clips right there .
I do not know . Maybe .
All right .  Who do we have here ?
Oh , did some bad man put us in a drawer ?
Let is go to the biology lab and find you some nice yummy mice .
Go ask Penny ; she will know what to do .
What are you doing ?
Hey , well , see you . I am going out .
Yeah , me , too . I ca not make up my mind .
No . I am having a moral crisis .
Oh , what the hell . I am supposed to go see that girl from the comic book store , Alice , but I do not know if I should , because I am going out with Priya , but she is in India .
Well , they say at the end of your life , you regret the stuff you did not do more than the stuff that you did , and I am pretty sure Alice is the stuff I want to do .
That actually does help .
Screw it , I am going .
Do you mind ? I am questioning a lot of things in my life right now .
No .
Who is it ?
That is not my mom , it is Bernadette .
Hi , Sheldon .
What is up ?
Well , I , I am gonna see you at work in 12 hours , do not you think it could have waited until then ?
Oh , my God , Howard ! What did you do ?
Howard has a heart condition ! You know that !
This is adrenaline , we are gonna have to inject it into his heart .
You are . I am not strong enough to get it through his chest plate , and we have only got one shot .
Hurry ! We are running out of time !
Just do it !
Trick or treat , bubbeleh .
Uh , I was hoping you would not notice . Irene was always a slave to a good bargain when it came to clothes , and sadly as it turned out , space heaters .
What would you like to talk about , Sheldon ? Why do you hate us ?
Who did not ? Your skin is like alabaster . Do you even have pores ?
Wait for moi .
Sheldon , sometimes you forget , I am a lady . And with that comes an oestrogen fuelled need to page through thick glossy magazines that make me hate my body .
Your neurology department loaned me a culture of prions for my research on bovine spongiform encephalopathy .
Please , we are eating . Can we get that off the table and change the subject ?
This time , it is your fault .
Leonard is coming down the home stretch ! Come on , horsey , you can do this ! Damn . Come on , thigh muscles , you can do this ! Yes ! First place . I would have been a great jockey if I were not too tall . And scared of horses . Sheldon , you are up .
Come on , it is your turn . We said we had get more fresh air .
Did you try calling her on the telephone ?
If you are worried , we can go over there and see if she is all right .
I do not think Amy was eaten by a bobcat .
You do ?
Forget about the bobcat .
Amy .  Amy .  Amy . Bye .
Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
I wanted to be alone .
Sheldon , my world is crumbling around me .
It does not matter . Nothing matters .
Penny and Bernadette went shopping for bridesmaids dresses without me .
Yes .
It is just , I thought they liked hanging out with me , but I guess I was fooling myself .
Sheldon , I am going to ask you something , and I had like you to keep an open mind .
At this moment , I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact .
Proposal . One wild night of torrid lovemaking that soothes my soul and inflames my loins .
How about this ? French kissing , seven minutes in heaven culminating in second base .
We cuddle . Final offer .
This is not a safe place . You ca not share anything here .
What ?
What do you want us to do about it ?
Why do I have to talk to Penny ? She is not my girlfriend .
Amy , you are not a tumour . Penny , tell her she is not a tumour .  .
What is going on ?
Really ? Amy ?
Cuddles ?
Yeah , Sheldon , what would it take ?
Well , he is smart and crazy enough , he may have actually created a monster .
What the hell is going on ?
Really ? On top of everything else , you are afraid of birds ?
Great . I will see you later . And remember , he is more afraid of you than you are of him .
No , I was talking to the bird .
Sheldon , just ignore him .
The bird is still there ?
I do not know . Scree scree .
Sorry . Do you think I am overdressed ?
I am going to the movies with Penny . I do not want her to think that I think it is a date .
No , but she might think I think it is a date even though I do not .
Are we overthinking this ?
You are right . I am fine . I am wearing this .
Too casual ?
I am pushing play .
If we do not start soon , George Lucas is going to change it again .
I have a Masters degree from M .I .T .
I really do not get your problem with birds .
Hummingbirds are pretty .
Still my first choice for an ankle tattoo . Or a dolphin , I go back and forth .
All right , Sheldon , your bird death ray is ready .
That depends . How much time do you spend on Yelp ?
Sheldon , what do you expect us to do ?
Yeah , neither of us minored in bird shooing .
Come back in , Sheldon , he is not going to hurt you . He looks friendly . I think he might be someone is pet .
Oh , he is a sweetie .
Sheldon , the only way to get past this fear is to interact with it . Just like you did with the mailman .
Look how sweet he is . Come over and say hi . Come on . You can do it . Do not be scared . Come on . Oh , just pet the bird , you big baby !
Maybe I am not done hanging out with…  You are right , it is getting late .
Oh , it is just like my grandma with her parrot . And after she lost her marbles with her remote control .
I still think he looks like someone is pet . Maybe we should put up posters .
If you are keeping him , I have got a cage you can borrow . One of the test monkeys slipped on a banana peel and broke his neck . It was both tragic and hysterical .
I am sorry , Sheldon .
Oh , that reminds me , I get fresh sheets tonight . Yay .
Sheldon , I am disappointed . As a brilliant man , you are entitled to a vice . I could understand frequenting an opium den or hunting your fellow man for sport . But this ? Lame o .
Hey , can I talk to you about something ? It is a little awkward .
Yeah , that is not it . Stuart is kind of interested in Amy .
No . He wanted me to find out if you had have a problem with him asking her out .
You know what ? Never mind . I am going to tell him it is okay to ask her out .
All right , but just for the record , I checked in with you to see how you had feel about it .
I am not washed up .
Yeah , for what it is worth , engaged people can look around , too . Lot of options out there .
Out .
I do not know . He went out for coffee . With a girl .
You okay ?
A tribe of Abra Comanches .
We are not wearing cowboy hats , Sheldon . It looks ridiculous .
Incredibly so .
Incredibly so .
Wait a minute . Are you telling me that Sheldon is patented blend of condescension and no sex is not enough to hold on to a woman ?
Hocus Pocus Pocahontas .
With a hologram ? Nice . Hey , do you see this ?
I thought you did not like Facebook anymore .
Please . You are looking at Facebook to find out how their date went .
You are so full of it .
Sheldon , why do not you just acknowledge that you have feelings for Amy and you do not want her going out with other men ?
Here is a radical thought . Go old school , challenge Stuart to a fight . I mean , nothing makes the ladies hotter than two skinny white guys swatting at each other with their eyes closed .
That is all of us . Can I use the laptop ?
Who do we love ?
Who do we love ?
Who do we love ?
Hello , Sheldon . Come on in .
What is up ?
I am sorry , what ?
God , are you trying to make Amy jealous ?
Okay , listen to me . Playing games is not gonna help get Amy back .
All right , honey , let me tell you a story . There was a guy I liked , and I never told him how I felt . Eventually , he started going out with someone else , and I always regretted it . Do you see where I am going with this ?
Mm .
You are not the guy .
I call everyone sweetie .
Look , Sheldon , all I am saying is strap on a pair and go talk to Amy .
Do not patronize me .
Hi , Sheldon .
Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
Um , again…
Anything else ?
I am listening .
Interesting . Now try it without the quadruple negative .
Hi , Stuart .
Yes .
How did you get into my apartment ?
What is that ?
It is so romantic .
Section 5 : Hand holding . Hand holding is only allowed under the following circumstances . Either party is in danger of falling off a cliff , precipice or ledge . Either party is deserving of a hearty handshake after winning a Nobel Prize . C : Moral support during flu shots . Seems a bit restrictive .
We should play limbo next . No one beats me at limbo .
That is my boyfriend . It is open !
What do you want me to do about it ?
Okay . If you ca not get me to stop eating your food , what makes you think you can get me to stop using your Wi Fi ?
Sure .
What are you talking about ?
Yeah , because I have something weird to tell her .
There is this guy , Jimmy Speckerman , who used to torment me in high school . He sent me a message through Facebook . He is in town and wants to have drinks .
Basketball Pope .
I do not know .
No , that was a different guy .
No , that was a different , different guy .
No .
I do not know .
It is two a .m . What are you doing up ?
Sure . You want to see what all the scientists are wearing this year .
Thanks .
I did not have clams .
It is this Jimmy Speckerman thing . I ca not decide if I should agree to see him or not . Of course that might be because the last time I ran into him , he made me floss with my own shoelaces .
You know what ? I am tired of living in fear of this guy . I am gonna go see him and finally say all the things I should have said in high school . You know , pick on someone your own size , you did not have sex with my mother , and yes , I do know why I am hitting myself .”
Hi . Fellas . Hey , can I get a beer ? Wow . Look at you . Little Leonard Hofstadter . I hear you are a big time scientist now .
Yeah , congratulations .
From what I read , it sounded like a big deal .
Hey , I won a Newcomb medal , too .
Okay , here it is . I have this great money making idea . I just need a gear head to get it to the finish line .
Aw , come on , you can figure it out . You are like the smartest guy I have ever known .
Sheldon , I got this .
Sheldon .
I think what he is trying to say is that maybe in high school you picked on me a little bit .
What is that ?
Nancy . You called me Nancy for three years .
It was not fun for me .
That was pretty badass , dude .
Here is your cocoa .
Yes .
Yes .
You got one for good luck .  I will get it .
No .
Sheldon , we ca not let him drive .
Not really , no . It is funny , huh , Leonard ? Back in school , I was the winner and you were the loser . And now we are reversed . You are the winner .
Yeah . It kind of rekindles your faith in the basic goodness of people .
What is that ?
I do not think Mother Teresa… Oh , that is adorable .
Yeah .
What was I supposed to do ? He needed a place to sleep it off .
Morning , Jimmy .
It is good . You really know your way around a kitchen , Nancy .
I might kill him right now .
No , you are done . I want you out of my apartment right now .
Or what ?
Yeah , I feel pretty good about myself . You think we can outrun him ?
Ordinary , yet I sense it is dripping with magical potential .
I am telling you , dude , there is a seat on the Hogwarts Express with your name on it .
How is this lying ?
Ca not you just enjoy the wonder , Sheldon ? Why must you peek behind the curtain ? Or up the butt ?
Do not be so hard on him . It is natural to be a little cranky when you have a quarter in your ear !
How is that not amusing ?
Ooh , look who is out on a date . Pasadena is favourite power couple , Shamy .
That is so hot .
How was your day ?
Sounds like you hit the ground running . I have a bit of good news myself . My most recent paper on how a cooperative long term potentiation can map memory sequences in dendritic branches made the cover of Neuron .
That is nice . Anyway , I have been dreaming of this day for a long time .
Sheldon , I am the sole author on a paper being published in a distinguished journal that may change the course of my field .
Give me a minute . I am gonna go wash up .
Sheldon , what is wrong with you ?
Okay , Amy just told you some exciting news , and you acted like it was no big deal .
Honey , she is upset . You are her boyfriend . You have to at least try to be excited by the things she is excited by .
Well , just smile and think about koalas .
Oh , a little Red Dead Redemption , huh ?
How come you are not doing a mission ? You are just wandering around .
Some people go outside and do that .
You want to talk about it ?
You know digital alcohol is never a solution . What is going on ?
Glad I was sitting down for that . Did you and Amy get in a fight ?
No , I ca not . I am playing Grand Theft Auto later . Look , I am no expert in women .
That is not necessary when someone is trying to help you .
Sometimes with women you want to listen to what upsets them and then show them that you can grow and change .
I do not know what to tell you . Buy her something .
Well , you skip over any attempt to repair your emotional connection and you win back her affection with an empty financial gesture .
Glad I could help .
Well , yeah .
Oh , my God , now I know what I sound like to you when I say stupid stuff .
Okay , I do not think Amy wants a pocket watch .
Still saying stupid stuff . Ooh , does she like bracelets ?
Trust me , we are not a couple .
Fine , go ahead .
Yes . Channel set baguettes , 20 points total weight .
Actually , that is only 750 . Everything is on sale .
Huh , it will kill her . On the other hand , if I do not give her grandchildren , that will kill her , too . So , either way , on the Mom front , I am golden .
Eight o’clock .  Sheldon , that pocket watch is ridiculous .
I said , hey , want to come over and hang out ?
Sheldon , you are up .
We both know that is your koala face .
Of course I do , I am a princess , and this is my tiara !
You know , I do not know if this counted as a fight , but how about some make up sex ?Leonard : You feel like trying something new for dinner ? Maybe Indian , Tex Mex ?
Okay , let is talk about that .
We all do . Now , how about dinner ?
Excuse me .
Ooh !
Sure , we had love that . Change your clothes , we got a lot riding on this .
I heard you call her Brown Sugar . In my book , that is defilement .
Oh , boy , do I ?
No .
Where on earth did you get that from ?
That does not make it true .
Because she is great in everything .
Wait , if you guys did not talk , what did you… never mind , stupid question .
I guess it did not go well .
How about now ?
You were in the middle of an erection .
That is so sweet . In 25 to 30 minutes I am gonna show you how much this means to me .
Yeah , hi , hi . How is it going ?
Well , uh , uh , what are you doing up ?
Yeah , well , so was I .
Obviously , when I saw that you were in ours , I went and used another one .
The , the gas station across the street .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Uh , uh , uh , yes , I did .
What ?
What ?
No .
I do not want beef jerky .
Fine .
Why ?
Me , too . Out of deference to them , let is not flaunt our happy relationship .
We are next to a Suburu with a Gore/Lieberman bumper sticker .
Is the point that you do not know when to let something go ?
Oh , that is not true .
Well…
What ? Yeah .
I do not know , he was pretty badass on Heroes .
Yes , and I think we should go anyway .
Penny ?
Hang on , Dr . C . What is vexillology ?
Cool . I think I just learned something .
I will say .
Sweet !
I am surrendering to fun .
Excuse me , sorry , excuse me .
Sorry . I am having dinner with Penny . I have to get out of here .
You okay ?
Hang on , Dr . Cooper . What is vexillology ?
It is Ferdinand T . Flag . I thought he might help bring in some younger viewers .
Night . Attaboy , Hofstadter . Nothing gets the ladies hotter than software development analogies . Hey , I am back .
I will take that action .
Oh , yeah .
For someone who has a machine that can travel anywhere in time and space , Doctor Who sure does have a thing for modern day London .
Even Doctor Who .
What is baffling me is what you could have possibly put on the list . Hair too golden ? Laugh too musical ? World too much a better place for her mere presence in it ?
You are most certainly welcome , sexy .
I am sorry ?
I have not bonded with it .
Cooper .
Good night , you .
Und ich bin eine pretzel !
Mit…
Dave , I found six vacuum cleaner repair shops in your area . Four are fairly close to you .  Hello , sexy . What can I help you with ? If you had like to make love to me , just tell me .  I am sorry . I do not understand .Leonard : Aaargh . What the hell ?
Oh , no , come on !
I have to get a lock for my door .
Sheldon , Canada is not going to invade California .
Fine .
Oh , fun . I get to spend another night in front of our apartment dressed like one of the Village People .
I do not know , what am I doing ?
Aah !
How had you do ?
You know what , I am so tired I ca not even think straight . I am going home . Will one of you guys give this nutbag a ride back later ?
Oh , ca not you take the bus to the dentist ?
They put you under for a cleaning ?
Whatever , Sheldon . I am exhausted . I am not taking you to the dentist .
You know what , I am sick of the roommate agreement . It is ridiculous . I am your roommate , not your chauffeur . You know , I had better things to do yesterday than drive you all the way to the good model train store in Garden Grove because the one in Pasadena has gotten too big for its britches .
I do not care . I am done .
I do not know what that is , but if it means I can go home and sleep , then yes .
Where do I sign ?
There . Done .
I am gonna go home and take a nap .
Maybe your nickname should be Brown Dynamite .
‘Sup ?
I saved you a dumpling .
I am sorry , Sheldon , I am busy . I am right in the middle of my addiction study . I have got a lab full of alcoholic monkeys , and tomorrow is the day we switch them to O’Doul is .
Absolutely . But when Ma is hips give out , you are up , kid .
Their meatballs are pretty good .
Oh , hey , Sheldon . Can I help you find something today ?
Ninth ?
Uh , not so good . My shrink just killed himself and blamed me in the note .
Yeah .
Yes .
No .
I am sorry , you want me to take you to the dentist ?
Sheldon , I am working . I ca not take you to the dentist . Also , and I ca not stress this enough , I do not want to take you to the dentist .
‘Sup ?
Hey , did you ever make it to the dentist ?
All right , Sheldon , if you need me to take you to the dentist , I will take you to the dentist .
Ooh , Sock Mouth is got him on the ropes .
Because last month , I sent the electric company a Starbucks gift card , an apology note , and a few snapshots of me in a bra .
What happened to all your glow in the dark emergency exit stuff you had painted on the floor ?
It is just a blackout , I am sure the power will be back on soon .
You know , I got some candles in my apartment .
You call that a glow stick ? That is a glow stick . Come on , let is go .
I have got wine at my place and some bubble wrap we could pop .
Ugh . Well , lucky for you , there is nothing else to do right now .
Since when do not you knock ? It is like the only good thing about you .
Fine , what is it ?
S amores , huh ? Good for you .
No , thanks . I am good .
I thought you said candles were dangerous .
Listen , Sheldon , this is stupid . I do not see why we ca not be friends . And I am willing to drive you around and help you out with stuff . I just do not want to do it because of some silly roommate agreement .
That we go back to the way things were . But when I do something for you , you show a little appreciation .
You say thank you .
It is not crazy .
I kind of like the sound of that .
So , do I get breakfast in bed on Leonard is Day ?
Can I sit in your spot ?
Can I control the thermostat ?
Do I get a card ?
Really . Who do you think did that , Sheldon ?
Leonard is Day ?
My mom . Sorry .
Five .
E .
Gamma .
Upsilon ?
Positive .
I have not seen him laugh that hard since the day Leonard made that multiplication error .
It is not funny . That mistake got published .
Told ya .
No , and stop installing suggestion boxes everywhere .
Dr . Cooper , the physics department chair tells me you are refusing to take your vacation .
You are obligated to take one . And I had also like you to know the most often received suggestion in my suggestion box you installed without asking me is can Dr . Cooper take a vacation ? Okay , settled , then . I will see you all on Monday , except for you .
Read , rest , travel . I hear Afghanistan is nice this time of year .
What the hell are you doing ?
What are you doing hiding back there ?
Lobster traps ?
What are you going to do when you get to the university ? People are going to recognize you .
Fine . Just get back under your blanket , and I will drive you there .
Fine .
Sheldon , there are a million great vacations you could take . What about Hawaii ?
How about Florida ? They have got Cape Canaveral , they have got Disney , they have got my Aunt Ida and the world is largest collection of diabetic candy . Plus , if you get sweaty enough , her plastic covered furniture is like a flume ride .
Really ? What was I doing to your neck last night while you were playing X Box ?
Sheldon , everybody takes vacations .
Everyone in the world of science knows who Richard Feynman was .
Is not that just Feynman is idea ?
Good luck catching a man with that attitude .
I am excited to work with my boyfriend . It is gonna be romantic .
Come on , Sheldon . We can be like Marie Curie and her husband , Pierre , who spent their days working side by side , bathed in the glow of their love and the radium that ultimately killed her . Screw Beauty and the Beast , that is the love story Disney should tell .
Oh , I am gonna be doing some brain stem histology while you put yourself on the business end of a sponge and wash those beakers .
No , I just need those beakers washed . Hippity hop , quick like a bunny .
Sheldon , you have never worked in a lab like this before . You have no experience in the field of biology .
Mr . Roper is dead ? You ca not just spring that on a guy .
Soap spots . Wash ’em again .
Sheldon , this beaker used to contain cerebral spinal fluid from an elephant that died of syphilis . If it is , in fact , perfectly clean , drink from it .
All right , perhaps this task will be a little bit more up your alley . I need you to count the bacteria spores on these petri dishes .
I am sure it was .
Yeah , good for you . Now , start counting .
How is it going ?
Great .
Really ? Is that what you think ?
Hey , I have been training in the field of neurobiology for 12 years . You have been here for three hours , and you have spent one of them in the bathroom .
Sheldon , I have given you the simplest things to do , and you have not done one of them right .
Maybe the math was too bubbly for him .
Okay , smart guy . I am about to remove the locus coeruleus , which is incredibly delicate work . Have at it .
You are getting warmer , it is , indeed , in the brain . Hope your hands are steady . It is the width of a single hair . But this is just biology , so I am sure it is no problem for a genius like you .
Oh , are we nervous , Dr . Cooper ?
No . But your thumb does .
What are you doing here ?
What happened to your thumb ?
What can I get you ?
You and Amy ? Good ?
All right , Howard Wolowitz , listen up . You sign anything she puts in front of you , because you are the luckiest man alive . If you let her go , there is no way you can find anyone else . Speaking on behalf of all women , it is not gonna happen , we had a meeting . And you , a grown man fainting at the sight of a little blood .
What do you want ?
Do you honestly think you can just waltz back in here after the way you behaved yesterday ?
That is not an apology .
I want a real apology .
No .
No .
Sheldon .
You are forgiven . Now , if you want to stay , get started on those beakers . They are still dirty from yesterday .
I wonder how long Sheldon is got .
Yeah .
So sad .
What is up , fewwas ?
Ah , measuwing my new office for dwapes .
Well , I called dibs at the Chwistmas party when Pwofessor Wothman twied to have intercourse with the toys for tots cowwection box .
You just called dibs .
Oh , look . You , huh , you just , you got it all right there . Wow .
Ca not this wait ?
Ca not you take this up with your department chairman ?
Gentlemen , there is a task I am trying to accomplish here , and I am having trouble doing it .
Ignore him , Pwesident Siebert . I am sure a young man such as yourself has a perfectwy healthy pwostate .
Well , as wong as we are here , I might as well take a weak .
Yes ?
What is he doing here ?
Cooper .
Am I weawing a summer fwock ? No , I do not want tea . Wet is get down to bwass tacks .
We are not fwiends .
How about I take Wothman is office , and you go suck a wemon ?
What the fwig is that ?
How does it work ?
I am sowwy . Can you wepeat that ?
Almost got it . One more time .
Sheldon , stop . He is screwing with you .
H h h hang on , Howard . Barry , how good of a shot are you ?
All right , this is one on one . First person to five wins the office . Any questions ? Yes , Sheldon ?
I get it .
No . No , I am not .
All right , we gave it 45 minutes . It is no longer funny . Let is try something else .
Oh , you are going down , Cooper .
Congratulations , Sheldon . You win office .
I am just glad I did not go for the sculpture .
I am happy for you , Sheldon . But I have to admit I am going to miss sharing an office with you .
Thank you .
Oh . Hello .
What are you doing ?
Why do not you just turn up the thermostat ?
Why is there a hole here ?
Well , at least you finally got a window that opens . That is nice .
What , you do not like wind chimes ?
The bird ?
So ?
The growing realization that you are one wacky bastard ? Yep .
Sheldon , relax .
If you are not happy , why do not you just let Kripke have the office ?
Sure .
What happened ?
Why would you do that ?
It is called scientific curiosity . Now go get butter .Leonard : I am just gonna run to the store and get a few things . I will pick you up when you are done .
Hey , Sheldon .
I am sorry , Uncle Tony is in the hospital . He is pretty sick .
I can cut it for you .
Excuse us for a second . Sheldon , it is okay , he can do it . He is a barber .
What are you talking about ?
There is no such thing as haircut records .
Have you ever seen them ?
Your what ?
Sheldon , you are a grown man , he is a professional , and your haircut is number three on that poster from 1946 . Just sit down and let him do it .
So my kid said the funniest thing today .
Sure . What are you doing ?
Sheldon , you are one day late for your haircut .
So , what kind of things are they…  will you stop that ?
You know , Sheldon , I used to cut my brother is hair . I could do it for you .
Sheldon , be nice .
I am a cowboy , on a steel horse I ride . I am wanted… I am wanted… wanted , dead or alive . Sheldon , you are ruining girlfriend boyfriend sing along night .
What about Supercuts ?
Well , this is not a crisis . Why do not you just let your hair grow out a little ?
I got a look at the centrifuge they are going to spin me around in tomorrow , and I have a hunch I packed a little light .
Can I help you ?
Oh , dear , did we spit out our pills , slip out of the ninth floor , and go on a little adventure ?
I I see . J Jus Just wait here one moment . Security !
Did you have fun ? Because if you had fun , then you are , you are a winner . Now that is , that that is what chess is all about .
Oh , hey . Sorry , Sheldon , I will move .
Uh , sweetie , are you all right ?
Okay , I am sorry , I do not understand .
Oh , uh , he is crazy .
You know , Sh Sheldon , sometimes it is nice not knowing what is coming . I mean , look at me and Leonard . We went out , we broke up , now we are trying again . We do not know what is gonna happen .
I think this could be good for you . Maybe it is time for you to shake things up a bit .
Great . What are you going to do first ?
Do not let this be Sheldon playing bongos . Please do not let this be Sheldon playing bongos .
Sheldon , it is three o’clock in the morning .
I was sleeping .
No , he does not .
Why did you get bongos ?
Oh , Leonard , it is three o’clock in the morning . I do not care if Richard Feynman was a purple leprechaun who lived in my butt .
Sheldon , go to bed . You have work in the morning .
W w wuh , no , no , hang on ,uh , uh , roommate agreement . No hootenannies , sing a longs , or barbershop quartets after ten p .m .
Where are you going ?
No , it was called for .
All right , Sheldon , this craziness has gone on long enough . Please come home so I can cut your hair .
It was a long story . Anyway , Sheldon , I promise I know what I am doing . Please let me cut your hair .
There is not a hair on my body I would not let this woman trim .
What is this about Sheldon seeing you naked ?
Almost done .
Well , sorry , I do not know any dirty jokes .
Okay , what do you think ?
Ha , told you . Okay , I am just gonna clean up your neck a little and then you are good to go .
Woo hoo !
We are going to play the online game .
Gentlemen , as much as I am sure Sheldon would enjoy playing intergalactic make believe , he and I have other plans . We are attending my Aunt Flora is 93rd birthday party .
She will be disappointed if we do not show up .
No , hang on . I followed all the protocols set forth by you in the relationship agreement . I made a written record request 72 hours in advance . I checked the tyre pressure on the car . I even contacted the Centres For Disease Control to find out what shots they recommend for travel to Orange County . FYI , it is none .
You use it to get your way .
We will miss you , Sheldon .
Yeah , but it is got lightsabres .
Hey Sheldon . Help you with anything ?
Uh , I do not know . Could put a tennis ball on the end of Excalibur . Make a pretty badass cane .
No .
Hmm . Oh , have this collectors edition Batman utility belt . Maybe she can use it as a wearable pill caddy .
I am sorry Sheldon , that is it . That is all I got .
I had make fun of Sheldon for having girl problems if I was not in shock that Sheldon has girl problems .
That is what your father used to say ?
I can never find the tiller . I got a book ; it did not help .
Now , I downloaded an app that might be helpful in this situation .
Uh uh .
Sorry , Stallion . Your weird friend Giraffe is here .
Gummy bears ? Thank you .
Not a chance .
All right , sweetie , I am not going to get involved in your relationship .
Yesterday . You made me look in your ear to see if there was a ladybug in it .
Yesterday . You made me look in your ear to see if there was a ladybug in it .
What is that ?
Good morning .
I think you are really going to enjoy yourself today . Not only do you get to meet my relatives , but since my aunt is nursing home is catering the party , all of the food is incredibly soft . It is like a vacation for your teeth .
You sure you are okay with this ?
Thank you . That means a lot to me .
Sheldon , my relatives are going to want to talk to you , and you are going to be sitting there playing a game ? Is not that a little rude ?
You know , if playing that game is more important to you than honouring your commitment to me , and you do not mind me showing up at a party all by myself after I have already told everybody I will be bringing somebody , then , fine . Go home and play your game .
Hey , I plan on levelling up in the game , not my swimsuit size , thank you very much .
Well , we are always the good guys . In D&D , we are lawful good , in City Of Heroes , we are the heroes , in Grand Theft Auto , we pay the prostitutes promptly and never hit them with a bat .
I had no choice . Last night , she said , why do not we go out for brunch tomorrow and then maybe the Arboretum . And I said , well , no , I promised the guys I was going to play a video game with them all weekend . And she said , that sounds like fun , can I come , too ? And then I did not answer for a second , and then she said , well , do you not want me to come ? And then I bought her a new laptop and the game , and she is parking the car right now .
Uh , it is , but I think you might have waited too long for it to be funny .  I was wrong , it is still funny .
Get that guy ! Get that guy ! Pew ! Pew ! Pew ! Pew !
Fine , I will change .
I ca not help it . My Howie Wowie has an owie .
And if you do not start treating me better , I am leaving you for a miniature horse breeder named Armin .
Oh .
Ooh , Science Center . Redeeming . Let is go .
Howard Joel Wolowitz ! I have been worried sick for two days , and I know you turned off your phone ! You open up this door right now because I have had it up to here ! I have been to the morgue and the hospital , and I spent the last half hour walking up these ferkakta stairs !Penny : Oh my God , I love this chicken .
Okay , you are right , I eat your food a lot . How about this , you can raid my fridge any time you want .
Well , can you make it soon . There is a battle royale going on over the seating charts . In one corner , Bernadette is mom , and the other three , mine .
Mmm , you liked Professor Guyster is wedding .
I am not telling . I am from Asia . I am mysterious . Deal with it .
No , uh , I do not think so .
And it is been wonderful .
Yeah , I am glad .
Well , I was thinking about Sheldon is little joke the other night about me eating all your food .
I am sorry , you are our resident cut up ?
Prove it .
Who is there ?
Interrupting physi…
Anyway , I got a little residual cheque from my commercial and I thought , hey , how about I get the guys a little thankyou to pay them back . So , Sheldon , ta da !
Yeah , it was fun , I walked in and two different guys got asthma attacks . Felt pretty good .
Ooh , am I about to get a rare Sheldon Cooper hug ?
Awesome !
Ah !
Why , they are just toys ?
Dr Cooper . Dr Cooper ?
Down here , on your desk .
I need to speak with you .
It is not the only logical explanation . For example , you could be hallucinating after being hit on the head by , say , a coconut .
I am not going to dignify that with a response . Now , to the matter at hand . You need to play with the transporter toy .
Yes , and to open it would destroy it is value . But remember , like me , you also have a human half .
Consider this . What is the purpose of a toy ?
Therefore ? To not play with it would be ?
Sheldon , wait . You have to wake up first .
Thankyou . And once again , my baloney likes girls . Wait wait . You do not want to put a bit of that in your mouth without trying my homemade chantilly cream . Yeah , okay , that time I heard it .
Hello again , Sheldon .
I am very disappointed in you . You broke your toy and switched it with Leonard is . You should be ashamed of yourself .
If I told you to jump off the bridge of the Enterprise , would you do it ?
Trust me , it gets old after a while . You must right your wrong , Sheldon .
Well I am unhappy .
I come from a factory in Taiwan . Now do the right thing .
Fine . I will just use the transporter . Oh , right . You broke it .
Do you hear how homophobic you sound ?
What ?
I dunno . I just think it is a waste .  Relax . I am just looking at the box .
What is your problem ?
Yes .
What ?
I did not break it . I , I guess Stuart sold it to me like this .
Absolutely .
Why would you open mine ?
Well , you should talk to Stuart .
What is the truth ?
Mmm .
So , is that one mine .
Well , hand it over so I can open it .
And that is a lie , right ?
Boy , a restraining order from Stephen Hawking . It will look so nice next to the ones he is already got from Leonard Nimoy , Carl Sagan and Stan Lee .
Like it was ten hours ago . What about it ?
That is incredible . Oh , here , break out the math .
Sheldon , I have a working understanding of physics .
I told you , no .
No , you said , would it help if I said I am sorry ?
Sheldon , you are a condescending jerk . Why on earth would I want to do something nice for you ?
Jews do not have heaven .
Have you met my mother ? I live in Jewish hell .
Oh , you ca not be serious .
Hang on . Are you saying the rest of us are dogs ?
Get out of my lab .
Get out .
It was great . We talked about movies .
I showed him some card tricks .
He even let me read a couple pages from his new book .
Something got you down there , bunky ?
Three times . He begged the Fox network not to cancel Firefly . He begged the TNT network to cancel Babylon 5 . And when he got food poisoning at the Rose Bowl Parade , he begged a deity he does not believe in to end his life quickly .
You are kidding .
You do not seem to be understanding the English word no . Maybe a different language will help . Russian , nyet . Chinese , bu . Japanese , iie . Klingon , qo . Binary coded Ascii , 0110111001101111 .
No !
Let me try gansta , hells no .
What if he does not ?
That is an interesting idea . Why do not you give me a minute to talk it over with my friends ?
You walk away .
Well , do not be too mean .
I would not mind a glass .
Sheldon , come on back .
I will give your paper to Professor Hawking .
But in exchange , I had like you to do a few things for me .
Are you familiar with the 12 labours of Hercules ?
Well , I thought I had start you off by polishing my belt buckles .
That is nice .
Funny thing is , I only have one belt . Anyway , I will let you get started . Oh , by the way , the little marks , uh , that look like water spots , I tend to stand too close to the urinal , so what you are seeing there is splash back .
Sheldon , these look great . They are like magnificent little crowns to hang over my magnificent little jewels . How had you get them so shiny ?
Way to go the extra mile . Your Mee Maw would be proud .
Oh , my dear boy , no . Okay . Next , this is a sexy French maid costume I bought for Bernadette . I thought it might spice things up and get her to dust my room at the same time , but I was wrong and really wrong .
Hey .
It is not Saturday night . Why are you doing your laundry ?
Wow , are these Amy is ? Kind of trashy , good for her .
Ugh . Why are you washing Howard is man panties ?
Yeah , yeah , I know , he is the wheelchair dude who invented time .
I do not understand , why does not Howard just introduce you to the guy ?
Well…
I know what it means . And yes , you love correcting people and putting them down .
Come on , you do it to feel superior . I see that twinkle in your eye when someone says who instead of whom or thinks the moon is a planet .
See , there it is , there is that twinkle .
What do you want me to tell you , Sheldon ?
Fine , Howard is being mean to you for no reason .
Sheldon ! I need your help !
It is this dress . When I put my front in , my back pops out . When I put my back in , my front pops out . It is like trying to keep two dogs in a bathtub !
You are right , who am I kidding ? You should have seen me when I was young , Sheldon . The fellas used to line up and bring me boxes of candy . Why did I eat it all ? Would you hold me ?
Yeah , I made an adjustment on the motor drive and when I was putting it back together I could not for the life of me figure out where they went .
I should have sent you to the custom car cover place in Altadena . They have her pattern on file .
I do not know .
All right , Sheldon , there is only one thing left I want you to do . Do not worry , it is an easy one .
Give me a compliment .
No , about my job . I want you to tell me I am good at what I do .
Well , then why are you always ripping on me ?
Thank you , Sheldon .
Sorry , I ca not .
I gave it to him three days ago . He was really impressed . He wants to meet you .
I know .
My pleasure . I enjoyed reading your paper very much . You clearly have a brilliant mind .
Your thesis that the Higgs on is a black hole accelerating backwards through time is fascinating .
That is nice . Too bad it is wrong .
You made an arithmetic mistake on page two . It was quite the boner .
Are you saying I do ?
Oh , no , no , no , of course not . It is just , I was thinking… Oh , gosh , golly , I made a boo boo , and I gave it to Stephen Hawking .
Okay , uh , I had pick swan because , uh , the resulting hybrid would have the advanced industrial civilization of a human and the long graceful neck I have always dreamed of having .
Horse , but mostly just for the height . A little bit for the genital girth .
Also instead of just living in your mother is house , you could actually live inside her body .
Give me one circumstance in which that would be useful .
Anyway , if it is okay with you , we should talk about Howard is bachelor party .
Good for you , Howard . I am proud of you . And still , you are the first one of us to get married . We have to do something special .
Maybe we can go up to Napa Valley . They have got that wine train .
Hey , I got to hand it to Raj , he found a really nice spot to have a bachelor party .
Are you drinking whisky ?
Well , it was either this or another hot tub party at George Takei is house .
Oh , I am friends with Howard too .
Hear ! Hear !
Sheldon…
Does anyone have any words they had like to say about our man of the evening ?
Sheldon…
She was my second cousin .
Oh , Internet , this is so going all over you .
Actually , you did do one of them together .
What is this ?
No , but what is it ?
All right . More Sailor Moon for me .
Do you think maybe it is tight because you are wearing long underwear ?
All right , let me rephrase the question . Why are you wearing long underwear ?
No , it should be : why are you ?
Why do not you slip this on ?
Make all the jokes you want , but there is only one of us here brave enough to almost do what I almost did .
You must be burning up .
He keeps emergency Purell in the car .
What about  Cookies !
Seven o’clock , right on time .
Well , dinner is almost ready .
Tempting choices , but I have something special planned for tonight .
With our friends moving forward in their relationships , I have decided that we should make progress in ours as well .
I had a feeling you had be reluctant , which is why I am going to dip into my neurobiological bag of tricks .
I have devised an experiment that I believe will increase your feelings for me in an accelerated time frame .
Human beings form emotional attachments as they grow up . In your case , to your mother , superheroes , et cetera . I am going to attempt an experiment that will get you to transfer those feelings to me .
We will see . Let is start with a little romantic dinner music , shall we ?
Yes .
Fine . There is no reason we still ca not have a lovely dinner . Why do not you have a seat .
May I offer you something to drink ?
Not even strawberry Quik ?
Oh , I know . I think it will go nicely with what I have prepared for dinner .
Just like your mommy used to make .
We can only hope… that he does not .
Sheldon , knight takes bishop . You all right ?
Are you ? You left your queen exposed from above , you trapped your knight in the corner , and you keep sighing and saying , why me ?
We got you that book last year . Was not everything in there ?
Well , if it makes you feel any better , I screwed things up pretty good with Penny .
I guess we are . So , what is going on ?
I am sorry , that must be very difficult for you .
Shame on her .
She is good .
You mean , like in bed or in the shower ?
Well , if you had a physical relationship , I had say propose during sex . Turns out that is a real mood killer .
Yeah .
Pretty much .
We are playing doctor . Star Trek style .
Sheldon , what channel is NASA TV ?
I love his eidetic memory , it is so sexy . Sheldon , what are the ingredients in Pringles ?
You are nervous ? I have been stress eating for four days . Look at me . I am wearing my fat pants .
Well , it was going to be mine .
Come on , Sheldon , it will be fun .
Look at all these people in love . It kind of gets you thinking , does not it ?
Why was not it a real proposal ?
There is got to be some place special we could do it .
Great , well , who is it going to be ?
No .
Oh , thanks , man .
Oh , wow .
What ?
Yeah , so ?
I doubt he will ask you to kill a man .
No .
Thank you , Amy . Very touching . Howard and Bernadette , you are lucky enough to be best friends who love each other . And that is the strongest kind of love because at its core , it has kindness , patience , and respect . Qualities that are hard to find in people these days .
Sheldon ! I told you no Klingon .
By the power vested in us , by the state of California…
This is it .
Right now , Howard is staring down at our planet like a tiny Jewish Greek god . Zeusowitz .
Peering through his telescope at the birth of the cosmos .
Oh , boo hoo . If Sheldon proposed to me during sex , my ovaries would grab on to him and never let go .
Interesting question . On the one hand , I always thought…
I know what the anthropic principle is .
Where do you stand on it ?
Hey .
I am all for it .
Well , hang on . Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I do not ?
Oh , okay . Sounds like it is me and you , Sheldon . How about we sic some guppies on those puppies ?
Oh , okay . I will just go home and be alone . Which is cool . I eat alone , I sleep alone , I cry alone , so , cool .
Sheldon , are you sure you want to be bringing Raj on your date night with Amy ?
Sheldon , this place is so romantic .
Well , when you see him , tell him I say thank you .
I do not understand . What is he doing here ?
On our date ? Sheldon , that is not okay .
My pleasure . Waiter ? A bottle of champagne and three glasses . Oh , boy , is not this romantic ?
Have I ever told you you are like a sexy praying mantis ?
You know what is wonderful about the praying mantis ? They devour their mate .
Dessert is served .
You know what ? I am done with this .
I am leaving .
You do ?
Sheldon , you either say something meaningful and from the heart , or you and I are done .
Sheldon , that was beautiful .
I will take it .
Funny . We are always giving each other a hard time up here . It is kind of like being in a frat . You know , joking , kidding around , hurting feelings .
Go ahead .
Yes , I read you , Sheldon .
What are you doing ?
You are out of your mind ,Sheldon .
Bye .
Hey , Stuart , come on in .
Um , Raj invited me to go to the movies with you guys .
Sheldon , you are not in charge .
What is the big deal ? You guys are bringing your girlfriends . I did not want to sit by myself .
It will be fine . Just , uh , pretend he is Wolowitz .
I can take them or leave them .
Would you feel more comfortable if I ate Raisinets ?
Okay . Should we go ?
All right .
I went to art school .
Well , I like it .
Just watch the movie .
There might be a reason for that .
Penny said she is not sure she wants to be Leonard is girlfriend anymore .
So ?
It is complicated .
She is not sure how she feels .
Regardless , do not say anything to Leonard .
Yes , please , Penny will kill me .
Raisinet ?
What are you doing ?
I am starting to get a sense of it . Do not worry . I will take you to the dentist tomorrow .
Okay .
Why ?
I wish there were more .
What is it ?
Where exactly did your mother have you tested ?
Okay , I think I understand .
The guy who seems like an emotionless robot is you , but your relationship with Amy is causing you to transform into a red blooded man with sexual desires .
What ?
I was . Now I am having a nightmare . What do you want ?
Oh , my God . Sheldon ?
What are you doing in my bedroom ?
How did you even get in , you weirdo ?
What do you want , Sheldon ?
Talk about what ?
Sheldon .
Okay , go home , crazy man .
Okay , what did Amy tell you ?
Okay , you listen to me . I think it is really sweet you are trying to protect your friend , but this is none of your business . Got it ?
Of course not .
Worst bedtime story ever .
Okay , honey , I have a lot to figure out , and until I do , you are not to say a word to Leonard . Do you understand ?
Get out .
What ?
That is the last thing I want to do .
Hang on , please . Hello ?
I know . She is yelling at me right now .
Temple of Yip .
All right , Lesser Demon Turtle .
In case you did not follow that , I am the coffee .
Why would I be interested ? I have Penny .
No , please do not ruin this for me .
Yes , you walked around for a week saying , Sheldon unhappy with casting choice .
What is your point ?
I like Mark Ruffalo , too .
Ugh . Hey , Sheldon ? Hi . This came for you today . It is from your mom .
M hmm .
Mmm , does not matter . Half the time , he just ends up playing with the box .
Aw , how cute . Is this like a diary ?
Really , your potty training journal ?
August 7 , 8 :42 a .m . This is humiliating . What was wrong with diapers ?
Sorry !
Of course , it is , it is been in the news . And it is a very famous on .
Yeah , that is basically what I said .
You really think there is some kind of scientific discovery in here ?
So , you are going to spend hours and hours combing through all this stuff ?
Not gonna happen .
Maybe I could do it .
A proof that algebraic topology can never have a non self contradictory set of abelion groups . I am just a blonde monkey to you , are not I ?
No , thanks . I am fine .
I do not do drugs .
No , of course not . How did you know about that ?
Yes , I did .
Look , Dr . Cooper , I really want this position . It would be an incredible honour to work for a man of your brilliance .
It is not flattery if it is the truth .
Sheldon , are not you going to introduce us ?
It is nice to meet you . I am so excited to be working with Dr…
Has your , uh , assistant said anything about me ?
This should be fun .
Yes .
Rainbow , not chocolate .
One on top , one on the bottom .
I am so sorry , Dr . Cooper .
Um…
Given her what ?
What ?
What do you got ?
Magnets : What Do They Stick To ? If the answer is metal , it is not exactly groundbreaking .
She seems nice .
The Fantastic Four reunited .
We are not kicking him out . Stuart and I have become good friends .
I do not have a problem with Stuart . Besides , he gives us a twenty percent discount at his comic book store .
I can go thirty .
Okay , the NASA Web site says Howard is final descent has begun .
Great . Just keep in mind astronauts lose a lot of muscle tone in space , so you might have to do most of the heavy lifting .
Me , too . But we will see him tomorrow .
You are unbelievable .
How about boys versus girls ?
Once again , unbelievable .
All right , round one . Here .
Present ! Yeah !
In what universe is that a present ?
No .
Nothing with quarks .
How could you miss that ?
Penny got it .
Relax , we got time , this is so fun .
Soon .
Yep !
Excuse me , the word is polish . See ? Small P .
Hey , Sheldon , you are always full of fun little facts . Where did the expression got your ass handed to you come from ?
I wonder if it is from , like , ancient Rome where they had actually chop somebody is ass off and then go , here . You know , to appease Loseroneous , the god of losers .
Mmm , in all fairness , Pictionary has verbal skills , visual skills . It is a pretty well rounded game .
All right , fine , pick another game . Amy and I will beat you at anything .
Oh , come on , what is that ?
En el acelerador de particulares .
No , no , we are not playing some dumb made up game .
No good , Sheldon does not float .
All right , let is keep it simple . How about darts ?
Why not ?
Yeah , that is when it started .
We could go to the cadaver lab at UCLA and play real life Operation .
Okay , glasses off . Find Waldo .
I am trying . Do not yell at me .
Yes , we win again .
Remember , show your work .
Mwah !
Mwah !
On the count of three . One , two…
So ?
Sheldon , we have not won a game all night . Now , you either stick your face in that pie or I am gonna stick that pie in your face .
Not now !
To Stuart , your comic book store is out of this world . Just like the guy in this picture was .”
Have you noticed that Howard can take any topic and use it to remind you that he went to space ?
Anywhere but the Space Station . On a good day , dinner was a bag full of meat loaf . But , hey , you do not go there for the food , you go there for the view .
Not really .
Yeah , you are really just making it worse .
I think I am gonna try green tea mixed with lemon zinger .
So , listen , Sheldon , I was thinking , since this is gonna be our first Halloween party as boyfriend and girlfriend , I thought it might be fun for us to go in a couples costume .
Really ? I find that inconsistent with everything I know about you .
Yeah ?
Sheldon , when I said couples costume , I meant like Romeo and Juliet or Cinderella and Prince Charming , not two robots from some silly movie I do not even like .
I make compromises for you all the time . Just this once , ca not we find something that we are both happy with ?
On Sesame seed Bunzillas .
It is funny because bread sounds like dead .
Hello , boys .
So , I thought the photo booth for the party could either be creepy like a mummy is tomb , or they also have the Tardis from Doctor Who .
I do not care . Get the Tardis .
Okay , here it is . Bernadette said you guys are all sick of me talking about my trip to space . Is that true ?
No .
It is called being nice .
You know what , guys ? Never mind . I just will not talk about the greatest achievement of my life ever again .
You know salt makes me retain water and my cousin William was ground to death in a pepper factory accident . How about Raggedy Ann and Andy ? I loved them growing up .
No . There are certain things that say to the world , I have a boyfriend , and he is not made up . Matching costumes , hickeys and sex tapes . Pick one .
Sheldon , get in here .
I am Raggedy Ann , and he is Raggedy C 3PO .
You are welcome , ladies .
Dude ! I was about to Bollywood this bitch .
That somewhere right now Stephen Hawking is saying , damn it , I meant to click no .”
I am not finishing your sentence . You pulled the plug on my funk .
That is really nice , Sheldon , I am happy for you .
Sheldon , I know Stephen Hawking . I worked with him .
Sheldon , I do not think this actually means…
I can , but she is sitting right there .
Wow , my boyfriend is friends with Stephen Hawking and my new dandruff shampoo does not smell like tar . Everything really is coming up Amy .
You know , when one male dominates another , his testosterone level rises .
It is exciting to think you might be getting a testosterone level .
Oh , you could turn his act into extract  , and it would be for double points .
Sorry .
Sheldon , you okay ?
The guy is a genius . Maybe you were not challenging enough for him .
There is the problem . You ca not beat Hawking like that . He hates to lose . Everyone knows the guy is a big baby . I mean , forget the wheelchair , he should be in a stroller .
One time when I was working with him , he said that Johnny Depp was in The Matrix . I told him he was wrong , but he kept insisting . So I looked it up online and showed him . Well , the next day , he had a pizza party , and everyone got invited but me . And then he was all , your invitation must have gotten lost in the matrix .
Please be good . Please be good . Uh huh . Uh huh . Okay . She writes like she cooks .
What are you doing ?
I did a bad thing .
No .
Penny started taking a class . She wrote a paper , she did not want me to read it , I went behind her back and I read it anyway .
I do not know what to do . I mean , the paper is terrible . But if I tell her , she will know that I read it and she will get really mad .
Is it possible we are having two different conversations ?
Hang on . Okay , here is what we are gonna do . Chess clock . We each get five minutes to talk about our problems . We will take turns . Each turn will consist of a statement and a helpful response from the friend . Begin .
He is probably busy . You are worried about nothing . Give it a couple more days . I am sure he will play , and you will see that everything is fine . My turn . I ca not let Penny hand in a bad paper , but how do I tell her it is bad without letting her know that I read it ?
Maybe since you are so good , he is taking his time to meet the challenge . I want Penny to enjoy school…
Sheldon , I was not done talking . She hands in the paper tomorrow . I know I could help her . And she is my girlfriend . I , I should be allowed to help her . Why are not I allowed to help her ?
No . You need to give me some advice .
No , specific to my situation .
Empathetic .
I quit .
What ?
You ever hear back from Hawking ?
It will be okay .
Yeah , but if he is a sore loser , maybe you are better off without him .
So , now all you have to do is let him win .
What are you waiting for ? Hit send .
So do not do it .
So do it .
Then do not do it .
Good for you .
Hmm , how about , gee , Penny , you are smarter than I thought . You may be the one in school , but I am the one who learned a lesson . I am so stupid , Penny . Duh .
I know . It is finally working .
Well answer it . I want to hear .
Hello . I really enjoyed our game , Dr . Cooper .
Or should I say Dr . Loser ? Ha , ha , ha .
Do you like brain teasers ?
Oh , I love brain teasers .
Cut .
Do not worry , it was not terrible . Just , this time , try to say it the way people sound . And action .
Hi , Sheldon . Thanks for having me . I am excited to be here .
Um , no offence , but I have been acting since I was a kid . I think I can handle a Web show without a lot of direction .
Yes . And so far , we are still not getting our money is worth . Let is try it again . Everybody is having fun . And action .
Problem , first time director ?
He was overacting on purpose .
You gonna let him speak to me like that ?
Can I speak to you for a second ?
I do not care for your friend , he is being rude to me . You need to ask him to leave .
Fine . Then maybe I should go .
You sure you would not rather have dinner with your friend Wil Wheaton ?
Hey , look who is out after dark , like a big boy .
I thought you had plans with Amy .
Hold on . Wil and Amy had an argument ?
Then Amy got mad and left ?
And you ?
Buddy , I think Amy might be upset .
Because your friend was rude to her , and then you went to dinner with him .
Trust me , call her .
What ?
I am mad at you , Sheldon .
I am not hungry . Your friend insulted me , and you did not do anything .
Sheldon , I am your girlfriend , and you should have taken my side . That is it . End of story . Good night .
That was just for her benefit . I will move tomorrow . I love you . Do not leave me .
What ?
Star Trek DVDs ? Why would I want this ?
Hey . What brings you in ?
I had a feeling we had have a talk like this sooner or later . Are you finally getting fuzz in weird places ?
And for the record , bleugh . So what are you drinking ?
You could have a Long Island Iced Tea .
It is calmed the pants off me a couple of times .
Oh . So , the heart you got from the wizard giving you trouble ?
Yeah , Amy told me what happened . Look , just apologize . It will warm her twaddle .
Honey , you ca not make people like each other .
You might want to pace yourself .
Far be it from me to criticize a man with a full pubis . Look , Sheldon , your problem is not Wil Wheaton , okay ? Your problem is the way you treated Amy .
Come on , someone insulted your girlfriend and you just let him do it . I thought you Texas guys stood up for your womenfolk .
Sorry .
Welcome to Long Island , Tex .
Yeah , that she is . Here you go .
No , she will not .
No husband of mine is gonna break his mother is heart !
Hey , Sheldon , what is up ?
Have you been drinking ?
Why are you here ?
Yeah , actually , a little more would be helpful .
Oh , Sheldon , do you really think we are gonna fight ?
Okay , I am sorry .
Are you okay ?
Cut . Yikes , this guy is worse than Wil Wheaton .
I do not know what she is talking about , but I am obligated to agree with her . She is my girlfriend .Raj : What are you drawing over there ?
You know , a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life forms would probably not end well for us .
Do you expect me to build this ?
Two forty four , Right on schedule . Hey , Sheldon .
Raj and I are heading over to the genetics lab to pet the glow in the dark bunny . Want to come with us ?
Are you sure ? They turn off the lights , and it is like a cute little laser show that poops all over the place .
Well , where are you going ?
We just told you .
No , you did not .
If you are wondering why I have been staring through the peephole , I am trying to get a look at this guy who is coming over to Penny is .
It is not a big deal . He is just in her history class . They are working on a project together . I do not even know why I care . You know what , I do not care .
This is silly . I have nothing to worry about .
What do you mean ?
Well , yeah , but this is not just about looks . I am , I am way above average in a lot of other things .
I am talking about important things like emotional maturity .
I liked it better when you thought I was not here .
None of this matters . I trust that Penny cares about me , and nothing is gonna happen with this guy .
What ?
Now you are just being ridiculous .
I will be right back .
Wormhole generator test ?
Yeah , really sorry .
And what does forty three mean ?
All right , you brought this on yourself . Sheldon , get him .
Good boy . Here is a cookie .
Yep . For as long as I can keep my mother out of it . If you want to check it out later , it is parked right out front , space 294 .
Yeah .
Why do you have a parking spot ? You do not have a car . You do not even drive .
Maybe they reassigned it because you never use it .
Sheldon , someday , if you get a car , I am sure they will give you another parking space .
Fun story . Meanwhile , you still do not have a car .
Are you listening to yourself ?
Nope .
Well , he is not wrong . Howard did go to the International Space Station .
Sheldon , let it go . It is not a big deal .
All that story does is make me feel bad for your mother .
Give it back .
My Iron Man helmet . Koothrappali saw you take it . Give it back .
Sheldon , that is a five hundred dollar limited edition collectible , and I want it back .
Fine . I am taking your diploma .
Sheldon ?
I do not have any .
Hi Sheldon .
He was not using it . And I needed a nice cool piece of leather to wiggle my naked ass on .
Give me back my Iron Man helmet .
You do not need a parking space . You do not have a car .
This is so exciting . I am feeling all tingly . Although that could just be my newly defoliated bikini zone .
Freaking pigs .
Wait , I am leaving my car here ?
Before I park , come in the back seat . I want to show you something I had done today .
What do you think ?
‘Cause I did it !
What the hell are you doing ?
Okay , you need to move now .
You ca not stay there forever .
Those are not gonna help you , Sheldon ,
I am warning you , Sheldon !
Get out of my spot .
What are you idiots doing ?
It is not just a parking spot . He ca not handle the fact that I am a bigger deal than he is now .
Oh , like you have never thought of doing that . Do not hate me just because I lived the dream .
What are you doing in there ?
Stop that . You stop that .
Hey , got a minute ?
I had no idea how much that spot meant to you . Anyway , I called President Siebert and told him it is not worth fighting over the spot , so you keep it , and I will park in the structure across the street .
Thank you .
Wow , okay . Well , thanks . I do not know what to say .
You are the bigger man , Sheldon .
I had like to propose a toast , to burying the hatchet .
Can I help you ?
A what ?
Lipid what ?
Tuesday okay ?
Let me write you a ticket .
Uh huh .
Why would it trouble you ? It is , like , your third favourite cartoon theme song .
Turtle power !
Yeah , so ?
It is torture . Especially with her dad . We have nothing in common .
Thanks , Sheldon . I will try that with my father in law .
Great , thank you .
What about you , Sheldon ? Do you have any plans tonight ?
That should lighten the mood .
Hello , Sheldon .
I think I am too sick to go to the funeral .
Sheldon , are not you gonna take care of me ?
But our relationship agreement clearly states that when one of us is sick , the other must take care of them .
Never mind . Good night , Sheldon .
Thank you , Sheldon .
Had no idea you were the chatty one .
Sheldon , you do not get over the flu in half an hour .
I have to say , I am finding your bedside manner a little lacking .
Of course I do . There have been many studies proving its validity .
Sheldon , this is not helping . Why do not you just let me get some rest .
You , you want to rub something on my chest ?
Maybe we should start with that .
That was great . Rub my chest again .
How is the poor thing ?
Okay , Amy , I brought you some drugs we were working on in the lab . This is proving really good for congestion , but there is a slight chance it can make your tears burn like acid , so if you take it , happy thoughts .
I do not have a bath thermometer .
Oh , Sheldon , am I glad you are back . Taking a turn for the worst . I think I am going to need another bath .
Oh ?
All right , all right . But I really was sick at the beginning . It is just been so nice having you take care of me .
I feel terrible I did this .
I suppose that is fair . What do you suggest ?
I could not be allowed to go to the opening of the next Star Trek movie .
Are you saying you want to spank me ?
I would not go that far .
One second . I want to put on some music .
I do not want to disturb the people next door while you discipline me .
Oh , my .
Then maybe you should spank me harder .
Oh , great ! I have always wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons .
Why not ?
By rolling dice and playing make believe with little figurines ?
All right , Sheldon , to start our quest you need to open this little Christmas gift I got you .
What is wrong with Christmas ?
Pirate with a peg leg ?
Would you just look inside ?
It is actually ho , ho , ho , but you will get the hang of it . Thought it had be fun to make a quest with a holiday theme .
Okay , there are ogre tracks and a trail of broken candy canes in the snow . Sheldon , what do you do ?
But , a cannon ? Am I really out of the game ?
Hey , guys . I do not mean to interrupt your little game , but I thought you had like to see what you are missing out on . So , Bernadette ? Bernadette is wearing leopard print pumps and a rack tastic red dress from Forever 21 . And there is Amy , showing all kinds of ankle . In an outfit I am assuming is from Forever 63 . And I , myself am wearing a little number that got me out of two speeding tickets and jury duty .
I walk up to the large chest , bury my face in it and go “blublublublublublublublu”
Oh , boy , happy place , happy place .
Seven , six .
Somebody sing the damn song .
The walls are getting slower .
How did you know that ?
Okay , continuing our quest .
Nope . I guess the heart wants what the heart wants . Or in this case , does not , I mean , at all . What ?
Done ?
Okay , you leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen .
I do not know . What is the difference ?
Fine . You leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen . There are carrots and lumps of coal in the water .
You see those , too .
What are you drinking there ? A little eggnog ?
No , it is nice to see you enjoying a holiday beverage . Pretty Christmassy .
Come on , Sheldon . You know all the Christmas stories , and the carols , you have got an eggnog moustache going on there . Just admit it . You are getting a little Yuletide spirit .
I grew up in a house full of crazy academics . Instead of leaving Santa milk and cookies , we had to leave him a research paper . And in the morning , you could tell he had been there because the paper would be graded .
It was not amazing . I got a C minus four years in a row .
Now that I know she does not like me , I am kind of into her .
My carpal tunnel is acting up .
I take out my skeleton key and run to Santa to unchain him .
Wait , what are you doing ?
Uh , okay .
This is weird , right ?
Oh , hello , Sheldon . You should be asleep .
Oh . I have been wanting to talk to you . I am sorry I disappointed you when you were a little boy . I can do a lot of magical things , but unfortunately bringing your Pop Pop back is not one of them .
But I do have something special for you . Close your eyes .
Oh , it is better than a train .
Better .
Okay , open ’em .  This is for leaving me in the dungeon to be eaten alive by ogres !
I ca not blame you . Tiny Twister was a complete bust .
What recordings ?
What ?
I both hate you and want to be you . This is Ryan Gosling all over again .
Your assistant is totally hitting on this jerk and he loves it .
I am androgynous ?
What is happening ?
Who is involved ?
You are talking about Leonard .
It is your assistant Alex , is not it ?
Wait , what the hell is going on with Leonard and Alex ?
Fine . Ricardo and Tondelaya .
She is right . But say the word , I got a lab full of cocaine addicted monkeys with nothing to lose . One of them could end up in the backseat of her car . Or her shower .
We know what is going on , Sheldon !
Well , Alex is your employee . If she is doing something that is making Leonard uncomfortable , you should talk to her .
Sheldon , you need to talk to Alex right away .
I think it is pretty wide open . Oh , wait . Here is something at four o’clock . Give Alex a talking to ?
Is there a problem ?
What did I do ?
What ? I did not make a sexual advance on anybody .
What ?
This conversation is making me uncomfortable .
I have to go .
I am missing something .  Did you say something to Penny about Alex ?
Why would you do that ?
At least I know not to blab to a girl about somebody flirting with her boyfriend .
Oh , my God , what did you do ?
Come in .
Ah , Dr . Cooper , have a seat .
I called you in today because your assistant Alex Jensen has lodged a complaint against you .
Cancel my next appointment . This is gonna take a while . Dr . Cooper , you said things to your employee that you just cannot say in the workplace .
Well , according to Ms . Jensen , you said that she was a slave to her biological urges and called her an egg salad sandwich . I do not even know what that means , but I am gonna go ahead and tell you you ca not say it .
I am a what ?
Whuh ah ! Woah ! You ca not talk about that , either , Dr . Cooper . Your language is entirely inappropriate , and I am gonna advise that you shut your mouth right now .
Hofstadter… Wolowitz… and the last one was Rajesh Koothrappali ?
I am sorry , I am a feminist , I do not notice things like how many breasts a robot has .
What are you doing here ?
And I am a little busy right now .
And who was that ?
That is it . All of you , in my office now !
Thank you , Dr . Cooper .
Okay .
Where are we going ?Leonard : Hey , will you steam my uniform next ?
Hey , hey , hey , hey . This is my Comic Con makeup . I love you , but there are some things a man does not share with his girlfriend .
Well , it is a lot smaller . It is more about the comic books . The way these conventions used to be before they went all Hollywood .
Well , then why are you going ?
That is an amazing idea . Okay , how many of these have I had ?
It is on .
Leonard , bear left and continue on Interstate 210 .
What did you do ?
Really ?
You know , we are not that far from Vazquez Rocks .
Yeah , that sounds fun .
No .
Recalculating . While we are waiting , do you know which president signed the Intestate Highway System Act into law ? The answer , coming up in 14 miles .
And we are blending , and we are blending , and we are done .
Sheldon , how is that a fight pose ?
Stop !
Mine , too . Anybody got any ideas ?
What kind of a person steals another person is car in broad daylight ?
I thought we agreed this was all Koothrappali is fault .
What is wrong with people ? Why do not they stop ?
Look at us , Sheldon . We are the crazy people .
Come on , let is just start walking . There is got to be a gas station or something nearby .
Yes .
Insurance is gonna buy you a new car . It is not gonna de funk my junk .
Please , Sheldon , I am so not in the mood .
Nerds !
Okay , if you are going to start comparing wands and hammers , I ca not even take you seriously .
Why do not you ask Scotty to beam you up ?
Fine , then I guess it is two against two . How do we decide ?
What ? What about the mission ? You said we were a real life landing party .
Hey , are we talking about me or are we talking about Thor ?
You do not know his life .
If it is an alternate dimension , sounds like a job for a landing party .
I say we investigate .
Ooh , another quiz .Leonard : Sheldon , your food is getting cold .
What do you think , Sheldon ? Want an action figure that looks just like you ?
No .
Cooper ?
What is that ?
I have some bad news . You are working on a gwant pwoposal fow a new fusion weactow . I am working on a gwant pwoposal fow a new fusion weactow . The university is only awowed to submit one pwoposal .
No , they are making us work together .
You doing okay , sweetie ?
Want me to make you some tea ?
So , cocoa ?
Oh , teacher ! Me ! Me !
Oh , no , no , no , I know this . Uh , hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks ?
What the fwig , Cooper ? We were supposed to meet in my office a half an hour ago .
We agweed to exchange copies of our work . Let me see yours .
You think I just few off the turnip twuck ? We exchange at the same time .
How do I know you are not going to do that with mine ?
Are we going to do this or not ? Thank you . So , we wead each other is work , meet again tomowow ?
Nice twy . This is bwank paper .
Cough it up , Cooper .
If this one is bwank , too , I am going to be fuwious .
The monkey in my tobacco study has taken to smoking a pipe . I am supposed to remove his brain to examine , but it is hard because now he reminds me of my uncle . You have been awfully quiet tonight . Is everything okay ?
All right , well , how was work today ? Did you exchange your research with Kripke ?
Sheldon , what is going on ?
Sheldon , I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better . May I offer you a consoling hug ?
How is that ?
Come on , Sheldon , we are going to be late .
You are not sick . You just do not want to face Kripke .
128 .
What did you do , put this in your tea ?
Sheldon , Kripke is not smarter than you . You just got stuck on a wrong path . Happened to Einstein . He got stuck on the unified field theory for decades .
Sheldon Lee Cooper , I do not have time for this nonsense . Now , go put your clothes on , get in the car , and lets go to work .
Cooper , we have a pwobwem . Your work is weawy not at a wevew I expected it to be .
Do not pway dumb with me . We both know what your pwobwem is .
You have a girlfwiend .
So my work would suffew , too , if I was getting waid all the time .
You wucky bastard .
Okay , stop bwagging . You had some bwiwiant insights in here , but if we are gonna make this work , you need to buckew down and focus .
All right , I do not understand . Why did not you just tell Kripke the truth ?
Yeah . Sheldon , can I ask you a question ?
You ever going to sleep with Amy ?
Maybe you do not , I do . What is the deal ?
All right , we are down the rabbit hole . What are you doing ?
Then what is the problem ?
Okay . Hang on . Are you saying someday you and Amy might actually get physical ?
Oh , my God !  Sheldon , I know this was not easy for you , and I am really glad we could have this conversation .
Nah , I blew my food allowance on Pokemon cards .
Whatever . You get any wast night ?
Gave it to her good , huh ?
Yeah , yeah , yeah . Was she naked , or was she weawing wingewie ?
How could you not notice ?
Ah , you are kiwing me , Cooper !
Sure , sure , sure . You guys ever use any toys ?
Toys ? I do have a model rocket next to my bed .Leonard : I do not know why I avoided the Harry Potter books for so long . These are great . I just started number six .
Why would you say that ?
That was a huge spoiler .
What is wrong with you ? If I did that , you had bitch about it for weeks .
Hissy fits ? I have hissy fits ?
You are unbelievable . I do not know why I put up with you . You are controlling , you are irritating .
You know what ? Screw you , Sheldon . You are the most annoying person I have ever met .
That is it . I do not , I do not have to put up with this .
Aw . Here is what I think of your roommate agreement .
No .
I do not care . I do not have to do anything you say because I do not think I want to live here anymore .
To live with Penny and not you , you crazy bastard .
Yes .
What ?
I will make one .
Children is toy .
Children is toy .
So , uh , what is your plan moving forward ?
No .
Like a dog boy .
What if you could find a roommate who was a scientist and already familiar and comfortable with your ways ?
Great . Here I am !
Me . Are not I your perfect roommate ?
Think about it , Sheldon . I am not a stranger , we are intellectually compatible , I am willing to chauffeur you around town , and your personality quirks , which others find abhorrent or rage inducing , I find cute as a button . What do you think ?
Tell me one reason why this is not a fantastic idea .
See ? You ca not . I am gonna go see if Leonard is room is big enough for my water bed .
What do you want ?
Is that so ?
Cut to the chase , Sheldon .
It is like the happiness will not ever leave the apartment .
Well , maybe he does not know how to say it without hurting her feelings .
That is the worst , is not it ?
Oh , there you are . When do I get a key to our apartment ?
They are on the chair , right over… Oy vey .
What did I do ?
Okay . Listen , the truth is I do not want him living with me .
No , I do not want to break his heart . I love him . This is just happening too fast .
Yeah , and I have seen those legs . You might want to get some Drano .
Well , you know how he is . He is sensitive and emotional .
Well , I do not know what else we can do but tell them the truth .
Here you go . I picked up the Chinese food just the way Leonard used to .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes . I did good , right ?
No .
Oh , and , uh , check this out . I took the liberty of scripting a new outgoing voice mail message for both of us .
And this is Amy .
Beep .
What ? Why ? Is it the message ? I only used urban slang to sound tough so people would not break in .
Well , what is it , then ? I did everything just the way you like it .
Then what the hell , Sheldon ? We have been going out for over two years , and I have been nothing but patient with you . I watch your dopey space movies . I signed your ridiculous contract . I even stopped wearing lip gloss ’cause you said it made my mouth look too slippery . I am the best girlfriend you are ever gonna have . You give me one good reason why I ca not live here .
What ?
Sheldon , what did you say ?
Oh , do not get all huffy . You are the one who decided to move in without even asking me if I was ready .
And since you love the truth so much , why do not you tell Amy you do not want to live with her instead of blaming it on me ?
You are a coward .
Um…
‘Kay .
No .
You know , sometimes I think I have made you so much cooler than you used to be , and then you go and do that .
I concur , but you changed the subject . What are we doing for Valentine is Day ?
That is good . Or maybe something a little less hand in the pants .
Oh , Dr . Cooper , thank you . I have been waiting for an opportunity to contribute to your scientific work .
You realize I passed up an opportunity to work at Fermilab to take this job with you .
Yes , please .
Okay , I think I have some really great choices . I went on Amy is Facebook page and read up on her interests .
Well , um , I know she loves playing the harp , so I found this beautiful music box that plays one of her favourite songs .
No , I just thought it would be…
Okay . Um , I know she is a fan of The Canterbury Tales .
So I found this cool map that illustrates the character is journey through England . I thought we could put it in a really nice frame .
I do not know how to respond to that .
Okay . Well , uh , luckily , I saved the best for last . Since Amy is a neuroscientist , I did some research and found out that Santiago Ramon y Cajal , the father of modern neuroscience , did lots of hand drawings of brain cells . And I managed to find this signed print .
Thank you .
What about your girlfriend ?
Hello .
Happy Valentine is Day .
Hang on . As you know , I had planned a traditional evening of romance and gifts .
And I appreciate your effort , but upon contemplation , I decided I was being selfish . So , I cancelled our dinner reservations and came up with an even better way to celebrate Valentine is Day .
By doing none of it . No dinner , no romance , no gifts . We stay here , order a pizza and watch one of your beloved Star War Trek things .
Well , that is what you had love , is not it ?
Well , then , that is what we are going to do .
I am your girlfriend . That is my job . And I know gift giving puts a lot of pressure on you , so whatever you got me , you can return .
What is this ?
Sheldon Cooper , Caltech University employee information ?
In case of emergency , please contact… Amy Farrah Fowler . And there is my phone number . This is the most beautiful gift you could have ever given me .
And you picked me .
Oh , Sheldon .
I go to the bathroom , too . Sometimes more frequently than I care to admit . Oh , I have had it checked out , it is nothing . Hmm . This is going great . Mmm , can I have a refill on my chai tea ? Yes , I have a good feeling about this .  I should have bought condoms .
Hello .
Yeah , I ca not tell you how many times I have been at a party where everyone is talking about flags and I just could not join in .
Uh , I am sorry , can we just pause for a minute ?
I just think it might look more natural if you talked to me instead of the camera , you know , like , like a real conversation . It is something we work on in my acting class .
Yeah , let is try it again , and maybe , this time , you could work on your body language a bit . You know , when you are all hunched like that , you are shutting the audience out , but when you are relaxed and open , you are inviting them in .
Let is try open .
Um , well , I am from Nebraska . So what can you tell me about the state flag ?
Hello , Sheldon .
Fine . Just hold on . Mommy is on the phone ! Sorry . We have cut the monkeys down to one cigarette a day , so things are a little intense . Makes me miss my marijuana abusing flatworms . Those guys were mellow .
Oh , that is right . How had it go with Penny ?
Subtle , but powerful .
Did you tell Penny how helpful she was ?
Because she is your friend , and she did a nice job . I am sure she had like to hear it .
Oh , hi . What is up ?
You need me to shut the door so you can do your knocking thing ?
Okay . So , what do you need ?
Really ?
Aw , sweetie , you just made my day .
Hey , my acting class is putting on a play Friday night . I could put you and Amy on the guest list .
That is right . They are no good without the lighter .
Why ? What happened ?
Sheldon , that is very rude . She helped you with your show . The right thing to do is reciprocate by going to see her play .
What ?
Hey , I do not want you to go any more .
You should go ’cause you want to go , not because you have to .
Okay . Do whatever you want .
Oh , for God is sake , just come to the play .
He is just decided he is never leaving his apartment again .
He is upset because he ca not get anywhere with women .
I am sorry . That I asked .
Uh , hang on . Empty your pockets .
You know why . The Nintendo DS . And the PSP . Now the Gameboy .
Just so you know , this is not a stupid play . A Streetcar Named Desire is an American classic .
She is pretty good , huh ?
…when I was a very young girl . When I was 16 years old , I made the discovery , love . All at once , and much , much too completely . It was like you suddenly turned a blinding light on something that had always been half a shadow . That is how it struck the world for me . But I was unlucky . Deluded .
I got whine .
Come on , if I was any good at convincing women to do stuff , I would not have spent so much of my twenties in the shower .
Helping women ? Y
Oh , like yesterday , when you made me drive you to the dry cleaners , the pharmacy and the post office ?
You do not think it is worthwhile to try to get more women working in science .
Oh , I did spend a lot of my shower time with Lieutenant Uhura .
Yes , I know , you are too smart for this .
Got it . All right , I am thinking one way to counter bias in the peer review process , is for papers to be submitted under gender neutral names . Like S . Smith instead of Samantha Smith .
Guys , please do not make this a school project where I am the smart kid doing all the work while the slackers sit back and watch .
So , you think I am one of the smarter kids ?
Guys , our topic is encouraging women in science , can you at least play a less sexist game
Not to mention she has mammary glands that could nurse a family of 30 . And have enough milk left over to open a Baskin Robbins .
Sheldon , you are always saying how much smarter you are than me . Spend five seconds and come up with one idea on how to get more women into science .
That is actually good . Why did not I think of that ?
That is great , try to set up something for the three of us to go over there .
What exactly are you looking up ?
Well , they are actually pretty excited . I am their most famous alum . If you do not count the serial killer who ate all those prostitutes .
Nothing .
Okay , who is ready for some science ? Me , too . Okay , I am Dr . Leonard Hofstadter . I am here with my friends Dr . Cooper and real life astronaut Howard Wolowitz , and we are going to show you girls how cool a job in science can be . How cool , you ask ? Well , how about negative 273 degrees , ’cause that is the temperature at which entropy reaches its minimum value . Did I just learn something new and have fun doing it ? What ? All right . So now let is bring out theoretical physicist Dr . Sheldon Cooper .
Quick , pull the fire alarm . Let is get out of here .
We are here .
Thanks . And , Sheldon , I know tonight is the night you eat Thai food , so I went to the Asian market , got all the ingredients and made it from scratch .
Oh , it is my pleasure .
Sheldon , I have been cooking all day .
Oh , well , I am sure they would not have tasted nearly as good if I had not tried your food first .
Colour is fine .
Oh , it is okay , I am used to it . The other day at Whole Foods , he spent an hour optimizing the cheese aisle .
Sheldon , come on . It is getting late . Time to go .
That is what you said five minutes ago . Amy and Penny are already in the car . Let is move it .
You know , if he really wants to stay and finish , I can give him a ride home .
Sheldon , it is , wait , I can go home without you ? Bye .
Juggle .
Oh , my God , it is beautiful . Look , he found the juggling pins I hid .
Whoa , you opened this ?
If I wanted to know , I would have opened it years ago . The closet looks great . Let is get out of here .
Do whatever you want .
Okay .
Hey , Sheldon .
You have something we want .
No , we just want information .
We heard you read the letter from Howard is father .
What did it say ?
Sheldon , that is not a real thing .
Why do you even care ? Just tell us what it says .
Come on . Look , the letter was found in Bernadette is closet . Does not that count for something ?
Yeah , obviously .
Hey , where have you been ?
One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten . I meant , golly , Sheldon , you have been gone a long time .
What information ?
Well , come on , we will not tell anyone .
Fine , then that .
Aw .
Absolutely .
So everybody knows what is in that letter except for me ?
Use me as a human shield !
Oh , yeah , what is that ?
We were all thinking it , really . It was kind of the elephant in the room , so…
Sheldon .
Told you .
Really ?
It was a letter explaining that your dad was not who he said he was . Eventually , his other life caught up to him , and the only way to keep you and your mom safe was to leave .
No , it is not .
Okay .
Sheldon , do not you dare .
That is more like it .
If you had let me pierce your brain with a hot needle in the right place , you had be happy all the time .
Damn , I forgot to feed him . And that I had him .
Only if you are this jellyfish which periodically reverts to a mass of undifferentiated protoplasm .
In wieu of fwowers , the department chair is asking that evewyone donate a bottle of Febweze .
And turned into a puddew of goo . Now , we can either sit awound and cwy over spilt pwofessor , or we can wejoice in the knowwedge that a tenured position has just opened up . I choose to do the watter .
Well , I believe people do their best work when they feel safe and secure .
Yeah , me neither . It should be about the work . And if I ca not get tenure , I had like to see you or Sheldon get it .
Excuse me , but I think I am just as qualified as you are .
Wow , sounds a lot like being a pretty waitress at the Cheesecake Factory .
Are Rajesh and Leonard competing for it as well ?
Do they know they do not stand a chance ’cause you are so great ?
Oh , very . Assuming she takes my call .
Or you take advantage of your newfound economic stability and move out , buy a house , get married . start a family .
You know , if you really want tenure , maybe you should cozy up to the people making the decision .
You do not say .
Is that a problem ?
I am a what ?
God , they are everywhere . Come in . Dr . Cooper , how can I help you ?
Uh , Dr . Cooper , that is not necessary .
Roots ?
Why would you think this is an appropriate gift ?
This meeting has come to an end .
Probably not .
Well you better have a good excuse this time , because trimming Q tips to fit your ears right is obvious nonsense .
It sounds like a long and tedious evening .
Oh . Well , in that case , perhaps I should come along .
Of course it would . I am well versed in academic politics , and as a respected scientist , I can only raise your stock as a candidate .
Let is go over our emotional responses one last time .
Professor Tupperman is dead , and that makes us ?
The fact that there are so many people here tonight does not make us cranky and claustrophobic . It makes us ?
Giving Mrs . Davis the box set of Roots was ?
No .
Unbelievable . You have some nerve showing up here just to schmooze with the tenure committee .
Excuse me . I am here to pay my respects to Professor Tupperware , or whatever his name is .
I am here to support my man , just like you .
Do it .
She plans on flirting with members of the tenure committee to further Leonard is cause .
You two should be ashamed of yourselves . Using women to advance your cause with sexuality , and whatever Amy plans on doing .
Yes .
Sheldon !
Well , now it is biguous . What are you gonna do about it ?
You could talk some smack about his mother .
Okay , okay . Guys , what are we doing here ?
How about it , Sheldon ?
Well , you will always be an academic success , but I seriously question whether you will make any more friends .
Yeah , screw it . I am going in .
What ?
Well , despite your quirks , the three of you are very accomplished in your respective fields .
You did not bring another gift , did you ?
Good .
You are welcome .  I am gonna pretend that did not happen .
No .
Yeah . Uh , maybe we were hacked . You know , the Chinese have been hacking everything lately .
I do not know . It is a fat guy on a Segway . That is funny everywhere .
You know , if you are trying to make space on the DVR , why do not you just get rid of some of the stuff you have already watched ? Like , um , Alphas .
There is no season three . They cancelled that show .
Uh , Sheldon , there are two dumplings left . Do you want them ?
As a rule , no .
Well , why do not you make up your own ending ?
Oh , please , do not do that .
I am sorry you are upset . You know , Sheldon , sometimes people seek the comfort of physical contact in moments like this .
Okay . Well , what I think is going on here is you have a pathological need for closure .
You know , I might be able to help you with this . There is a whole field of behavioural neuroscience that examines ways to retrain your neural pathways so stuff like this bothers you less .
You sure about that ?
I have come up with a series of exercises to help with your compulsive need for closure .
All I am saying is , we live in a world where closure is not always an op…
I am going to recondition your brain so that the need for completion is not so overwhelming .
Yep . Your turn .
Exactly . How does that make you feel ?
And that is exactly the feeling we want to address with this course of treatment .
Come on , you can do this .
That is quite an impressive layout , is not it ?
Let is box it up .
Okay , Sheldon , make a wish and blow out the candles . Oops , missed one . Now your wish ca not come true .
Leonard , I had an epiphany , not a stroke .
I am a little surprised to hear you feeling so positive .
And ?
I am proud of you , Sheldon .
Oh , yeah .
And the home of the brave .
Sheldon , you big weirdo , I want you to know that I love that you are in my life .
Got it .
Eh , his giant head did most of the work .
You are kidding . He is still alive ?
Yes ! Sorry , tell me about Professor Proton .
Aw , so cute when you use the word cool wrong . Like when kids say pasghetti .
Hire him to do what ?
It would be pretty awesome to hang out with him . I just used awesome wrong , did not I ?
Do you remember his old theme song ?
Thank you .
You mean the guy who used to host that lame kids show ?
How had you get him to come to your house ?
And he wrote him a cheque .
Yeah , well , you throw like a girl .
Relax , Sheldon , he is only a few minutes late .
Where is he ?
I agree .
Just , just call me Arthur .
No . A friend would have , would have told me about the elevator .
Actually , he is a genius .
Well , I hope I have not , uh , kept the kids waiting too long for , for the show .
You , you get bit a lot . Let me see if , if I have this straight . You , you two are , are physicists , and you , and you want me to do a children is science show ?
You know , I am a real scientist . I , I have a PhD from Cornell University .
No , no . I , I hate that puppet .
I think I know .
Okay , I did not know .
I , I figured that out .
No . Look , guys , keep your money . I , I think , uh , I , I think I am done .
I do not know . I think I am just , I , I just , I just do not want to be Professor Proton any more .
What , what has it ever gotten me ? I mean , I am , I am an 83 year old man who has potatoes in , in his suitcase . Other scientists think , think I am a joke . And the , the puppeteer who did , who did Gino , well , he also did my wife .
What do you two talk about ?
I will , I will give you a hint . I have a bracelet with my own address on it .
No , I , I get that .
I bet there are important discoveries being made every day because you inspired millions of kids to pursue science . In a way , their discoveries are your discoveries .
You want one of us to go with you in the ambulance ?
No , that is not a rule . He can go .
Well , at , at this point , I am just glad someone is carrying me down the stairs .
Nice guilt trip . You are gonna be an amazing mom .
Thank you , Sheldon . That , that was very nice .
No . The fourth , the fourth time was , was the charm .
No . No , thank you . But I , I do , I do have a favour to , to ask .
Well , I am , I am booked to do a children is party tomorrow , and , um , frankly I , you know , I , I do not feel up to it .
Thank you . Anyway , uh , I mean , you know my act better than anybody . I was , I was hoping that maybe , you know , maybe you had fill in for me .
Yeah .
Or a Korean family in Alhambra .
Sounds great .
What , Whatever .
It is gonna get crazy .
‘Cause last time I saw him , I threw new ones and it got me nothing .
Ready whenever you guys are .
Yeah ?
Oh , that is nice . But relax , sometimes change is good . Uh , you were worried about Zachary Quinto being the new Spock , but you wound up liking him .
See , Howard is just as good a dungeon master as I am .
We will be fine , watch . Suddenly , a spectral shape rises from Koothrappali is bloody corpse , and says ,  do not worry , buddies , ghost Raj will help guide you through the forest .  Well , I am just a tree , but if I were you , I had listen to your ghost friend .
Uh , it does .
Hey , I always did sound effects . A A swarm of bloodthirsty bats fly through the dungeon .  Uh , uh , they attack a nearby unicorn .
You guys enjoy your evening . I am gonna go before I ruin anybody else is weekend .
No , no , no , Amy , wait . I know it is not the night you had in mind , but why do not you guys stay and play with us ? It will be fun .
What is the big deal ? Raj bailed , so we could use some extra players .
So , what do you say ?
Okay , who wants a drink ?
Okay , here we go . You find yourselves face to face with two hulking ogres . What are you doing in our dungeon ? You shall die !
I draw my broadsword .
Fifteen is the point , the point is fifteen . Give the little lady some room , here it is , coming out . Sixteen ! Yes ! Oh , please tell me we are playing for money .
Seventeen , the larger ogre is dead . The the other ogre says , you killed my brother , now Ogre Thanksgiving is ruined .
The dragon falls from the sky , crashing into the volcano .
But wait , he is not dead . He crawls out , spreads his wings and prepares to attack .
Fine .  You had think , after all these years , I had know not to fly over volcanoes . I am a freaking idiot .
It is a hit . The dragon collapses to the ground .
Mother ? Is that you ? Your little boy is coming home .
Oh , yeah ? Well , when we get home , I am gonna take you on a whole different adventure .
Sheldon , they are talking about sex .
I do not like this .
What ?
You do not have to come in here and cheer me up .
I will tell you what they think . They think our relationship is a joke .
Sheldon , are we ever going to have an intimate relationship ?
And now ?
Do you have any interest now ?
Wow . Talk dirty to me .
I guess I know that . It is just , part of me wants more .
Come on . Let is go back out there .
Okay .
Oh .
I kiss you on the lips .
I remove your armour . What do you do ?
I had love that , but she is not really comfortable around people .
How is that been working for you ?
I have a job .
He knows , wow .
Hey , do not discourage him . This is a fantastic opportunity .
What do you think ?
Interesting that you would bring that up when I might go work on a boat .
I know what you are doing . You do not want me going on this research trip because you are afraid to be alone .
Sheldon .
Look , I appreciate your signature blend of concern for me and incredible selfishness . If I get the chance to do this , there is nothing you can say that is going to stop me .
There is beer in the fridge . Anyway , you guys really do not need to make a big deal .
The only person allowed inside this head is Dr . Phil . Anyway , I , I spoke to my new lady friend about meeting you all , and she thought it would be easier for her to start with just one .
A , that was not a joke , that was a sincere request . And B , more importantly , I was the outsider to this group , and I know how frightening that can be . But you guys took me in and made me feel loved , like I was family .
We might as well go ahead and eat . She is not coming back anytime soon .
Yeah , it does , and here we are .
Well , I am his girlfriend , of course I am gonna support him .
Honey , this is a big deal for Leonard , okay ? He gets to work with Stephen Hawking . Who , by the way , will not be on the boat . I checked it out .
Oh , my God , Sheldon the genius is jealous of Leonard .
Look , sweetie , this is a natural thing to feel , okay ? But just because good things are happening to Leonard does not take anything away from you . You know what ? Let me tell you a little story . Once there was a girl who worked at the Cheesecake Factory , and she was not very good at her job .
It was not me . But she was also an actress , and we were both up for the same part in a toothpaste commercial . She got it . Look , I was so jealous . But instead of ripping out her fake blonde hair…
I , looked her in the eye , smiled and said , I am happy for you . Because that is what friends do .
Yeah .
Like this . I am so happy for you .
She is . She is just running a little late . You know how it is , girls always fussing about their hair , their makeup . She will be here . Just give it a rest , okay ?
Thank you , Sheldon . That must have been very hard for you to say .
It was really nice of you to try to be happy for Leonard .
Me , too .
I am gonna miss you , too .
Anyway , we can e mail , and I think the phone connections are pretty good .
Would you just relax ?
Okay .
Oh , Leonard .
I love you , too .
What is it ?
So ?
Sheldon , I got to go inside . It is getting rough out here .
What was what ?
Okay , I am hanging up now . You know there is no such thing as a k…
What is the matter ?
Sweetie , did you have a bad dream ?
Aw .
Good night .
You know what ? That would make me feel better . Thank you .
Well , you should be , ’cause she was looking good .
Is that true ?
Thanks . Oh , Sheldon , since Amy is out of town , would you like to join us ?
Good night . No , I will not consider sleeping in my garment bag .
No .
Why do not you just admit you only want to play this game because you always play it with Leonard and you miss him ?
Mmm .
Okay , I get it , I get it . You are an emotionless robot .
All right , let is just get this stupid game over with .
Okay .
Why ?
You are right . Thank you .
Really ? Why ?
So that means I lose , right ? It is over ?
Okay , let is take a break .
I was not going to get alcohol . Gosh , I wonder what Leonard is doing right now . I miss him so much .
I am calling him .
Best time of my life .
Uh oh , hang on .
Leonard , Leonard ? I cannot believe we were missing that jerk .
I ca not believe it . All this time I have been doing nothing but sit around and miss that guy . And you know what the worst part is ?
No . Yeah . But you know what the second worst part is ? He does not miss me at all .
Really ? That , that is it ? That is comforting ?
No . Come on , you are supposed to say , of course he misses you , the only reason he is partying is to cover up his pain .
This is ridiculous . Why am I upset just because he is off having a good time ?
Okay , that , that is great . You can stop trying to make me feel better now .
He did ?
Oh , that is really sweet .
Well , now I miss him even more .
Thanks .
Oh , yes , I , I too am in the throes of heartbreak . Okay , fine , I will tell you about it .
Come on . It is still early . Let is do something .
How about we just talk ?
No . Come on , let is talk about our lives . Tell me something about you I do not know .
Okay , that , that is a good start , but I was thinking maybe something a little more personal .
How about I go first ?
Okay , look , here is something people do not know about me . When I first moved out to L .A , I did a topless scene in a low budget horror movie about a killer gorilla . Ugh ! After I did it , I felt so ashamed . Thankfully , that thing never came out .
Oh , God .
Okay .
That is your big revelation ?
Okay , you know what ? I give up . I am going to bed .
What did I do ?
I , I did not think it was a big deal .
Sheldon , you are right . I am really sorry . I should have known better .
Thank you . How about a hug ?
Come on .
Leonard ! Leonard ! Leonard ! Leonard !
Another ? Great .
Well , there must be a hell of a storm somewhere .
You know , I will miss this .
I will not .
Happy to , unless it is hope or a reason to live .
Okay , well , I do not know how much you want to spend , but I do have this pretty cool Aquaman statue .
Yeah , just as well . It is a pretty rare piece . I had rather just sell it to a real collector .
Oh , I should not even have mentioned it . How about a Batman squirt gun ?
Well , we have all seen your mom . That Butterball turkey was bound to come home to roost .
All right , Sheldon , you win . I am sure Leonard is gonna love this .
Ooh , yeah , I do not know . This squirt gun , it is , uh , it is pretty rare .
Oh . Okay . Well , here is , um , thirty something cents and a promise I will not call your s and tell him you reek of marijuana .
That is nice .
Yeah , thanks , but I kind of feel like eating alone tonight , so…
Uh , yeah , it sounds fun , but no thanks .  Have a good night !
No . No , no , no . You know what ? The toilet is been doing that . I called the building manager , so…
Well…
Yeah , no , no , no . You know what , Sheldon , it is okay . You do not have to go into the bathroom .
Oh . Well , you know , I , I have got two hands and a bit of a drinking problem .
Oh .
Um , what ?
So ? That is my dinner from last night .
Okay . Look , honey , I promise there is no one is here . I‘ve had a long day . I just want to have a quiet dinner by myself .
What ?
No .
Oh , and here is a fun thing . I worked it out so that there are two different words for spoon , planko and janko . Planko is a spoon with food , janko is a spoon without food . Janko is spelled with a silent ptang . Sheldon , you are not even listening to the rules of my made up language .
Then what does tweepadock mean ?
Lucky guess .
What happened ?
What ?
I do not think Penny would cheat on Leonard .
You are being ridiculous .
Do you hear anything ?
Is it Penny ?
Yeah , like you know what kissing sounds like .
Let me listen . Sounds like Leonard .
No , Sheldon , do not .
What the hell ?
Sheldon , you cannot just barge in here like that .
I am sorry , Sheldon . I should have told you I was back . I just wanted to have a couple days alone with Penny .
That is not fair . I complain about what a burden it is at least once a month .
I actually have used those exact words before . In that order .
The what ?
Please leave me out of this .
Come on , I said I was sorry .
Come on , this is silly . Hey , um , I brought you back a little present from my trip , huh ? It is that sailor cap that you wanted . It is neat , huh ?
Ooh , now we are talking .
Good morning .
So am I driving you to work or are you still mad at me ?
Where do you think I would take you ?
I am going to work . You can come if you want .
No , I do not .
I did not make it back . The ship sank , I am in hell .
Why would anyone claim to be from New Jersey if they were not ?
Hey , I said I was sorry . What else do you want from me ?
Fine . What I did was wrong .
You know what ? I am not driving you to work , because you are incredibly annoying .
Stop it .
Bye .
I do not know what succubus is , but it has suck in it , so that ca not be good .
Hey , Sheldon .
Come on , do not be like that . We had so much fun together the last couple of months .
Sheldon .
Sheldon , your fight is with Leonard . Penny is got nothing to do…
Really ?
You want to take the bus to work ?
That is so great . If you guys prove the existence of Unruh radiation… Hey , hey , hey , hey . My eyes are up here .
You know what ? You are a crazy person .
Stop it .
Okay .
I am so glad you guys are friends again .
Aw .
Fifty cents off Vagisil .
Uh , can I just say , I have missed all of us hanging out together .
No , you were not because it was a week ago and nobody came . So , if you want to solve the mystery of who stabbed Koothrappali in the back with the weapon of indifference , it was all of you .
Great .
Why ?
Oh , that is cute . Like it is a real college .
I am in , let is do it .
What is all this ?
You really think he is gonna send us to a bowling alley ?
Okay , everybody . Who is ready for a scavenger hunt ?  Somewhere in the city of Pasadena , I have hidden a golden coin . You will be faced with a total of ten puzzles . Each p…  each , each puzzle will lead you to the location of the next , the last of which will lead you to the coin . The first team that finds it wins .
It is not funny .
Ha ha .
No , no . Let is mix things up . I choose Sheldon , and we are gonna kick your ass !
All right , hurry up and close the door so they ca not hear us . Would you stop pouting ? So , you picked my name . Get over it .
No .
All right , teams . Get ready to open your first puzzle . Go . Do you see what I did ? The first puzzle is a puzzle . Oh , my God , how adorable is that ? I wish I had a friend like me .
Well , there is no right way , Sheldon . I already found a few pieces that fit .
Ooh , ooh , it is the comic book store . All right , come on , that is where we have to go .
But , it , it does not matter . We know the answer , come on .
Okay , it is not gonna say that .
It is the comic book store , it is the comic book store , it is the comic book store .
Ugh , we are the last ones here , hurry up .
People run in a marathon .
Riddle me this…
Hey , Princeton , look at that , Team Community College Night School is in the lead .
Aha . Okay , let is see . To continue on your quest , leave no stone unturned . Ooh .
Oh . Okay . Sheldon , I , I have got to ask , how did you figure out that it was the geology lab ?
Yes .
Wow . I can drink a beer underwater .
Shut up . I solved it .
Well , wait . Do not you want to know how I figured it out ?
Today ! Today !
Okay . Oh , it is a bowling alley .
Yeah , Penny might be onto something .
Three bags , no one is opened ’em . we are the first ones here .
What ? Why me ?
Because you were about to quit like a big , Sheldon , cover your ears .
Hey , I am every bit as much of a man as Penny . Now , let is do this .
Oh .
This one is , too .
Sheldon is spot . The coin is in your spot .
Hurry .
Cherry
It was good .
I enjoyed it . When you told me I was going to be losing my virginity , I did not think you meant showing me Raiders of the Lost Ark for the first time .
It was very entertaining despite the glaring story problem .
All right . Indiana Jones plays no role in the outcome of the story . If he were not in the film , it would turn out exactly the same .
Why are you reading Pride and Prejudice ?
Wait , how can , how can anyone ruin Raiders ? It is perfect .
Whatcha doin’ ?
So you are looking to ruin something for her in the funny pages ?
Mm hmm . And ?
Maybe they fell in love with him as a puppy and did not know how big he was gonna be .
Sorry , buddy .
I will see you later . I gotta go watch a stupid football game with Penny .
Hello , Sheldon . Is everything okay ?
Well , the last time you made an unscheduled video chat , there was a curly fry in your regular fries and you thought someone might be trying to slip you a mickey .
So what can I do for you ?
Really ?
That sounds lovely . Why are you rubbing your hands together ?
Of course I am in .
Good night , Dr . Cooper .
I love Little House . It made me want to live on a farm so much I tried to milk my cat . That tangy bowl of Cheerios was not worth the stitches .
You are trying to get back at me for what I said about Raiders of the Lost Ark .
Sheldon , we are in a relationship . When you get angry , just tell me . You do not need to seek revenge .
Well , that is not how we are going to do it .
I should not have said it . I am sorry .
Do you feel better ?
Wait , wait , if it was not for Indiana Jones , the ark would never have ended up at the warehouse .
It is actually steamier than it looks . Sheldon is looking up the phallic symbolism of root vegetables in Renaissance paintings .
How do you not tear off his clothes and take him right here on this table ?
Sheldon , I have some exciting news to tell you .
I have been invited to consult on an experiment at your university for a few months . Is not that great ? We could have lunch together . We could carpool .
So , you are okay with this ?
Well , this project would have us working in close proximity to one another . And there is the vulgar adage that one should not defecate where one eats .
Sheldon , do not defecate where you eat means do not have a romantic relationship in the workplace .
Yes .
I am relieved that you do not have a problem with us working together .
Are you crazy ? You do not want your girlfriend at work with you . Hell Clam .
No , no , I think it will be great . Maybe next time he gets conjunctivitis at work , she can hold his head and try to put the drops in his eyes . Giant baby .
Yeah , I know , and it drove me into the arms of another woman . Bipolar Bear .
Please let me be there when you tell her that .
I do not mind . I am hoping to put his love of repetition to good use someday .
Sheldon . I already signed the contract . I cashed a cheque .
Sheldon , I do not understand . I thought you said you were fine with it .
He said what ?
Excuse me , I need to have a chat with my husband .
Yeah , and you ca not tell her what she can and cannot do .
Sheldon , you do not have to worry about me bothering you . I will be in a different building . And we do not even have to have lunch together .
Yes . Before all things , I am a scientist . I am just there to do my work and , with a little luck , scare the living crap out of some monkeys .
More and more sure .
I did not ask for your permission .
No , no , listen to me . Sheldon misunderstood . What I meant was , if we worked together , there had be too much of me for you , not the other way around .
Okay , fine . I did say that , and I think it is true . I think if we worked together and lived together , we had get sick of each other .
Bernie…
I mean , you know , Sheldon , none of this would have happened if I had not tried to help you .
Hey .
That was kind of icy . You two okay ?
Smart . Take relationship advice from a man who spent last night braiding Raj is hair .
And this is Dr . Gunderson from Stockholm .
Where are we going with this , Dr . Cooper ?
Sheldon .
Test subject D7 , aka Betsy , fear response study . Image number one , Frenchman on bicycle carrying baguettes . No visible reaction . Image number two , sousaphone . Still no reaction . Okay . Let is kick things up a notch . Image number three , crocodile with a mouthful of monkeys . Okay , now we are talking .
What do you want , Sheldon ?
Oh , sorry , sorry , sorry . Sorry , uh , better ?
Determining baseline fear levels in capuchin monkeys by measuring their response to visual stimuli .
I ca not leave now , Sheldon . I am very busy . Besides , why would I want to do you a favour after the way you treated me in the cafeteria ? Image number four , boa constrictor .
You embarrassed me in front of my colleagues on my first day here . Image number five , kitten in a teacup .
You know what ? I do not have time for this . Find another way home .
Really ? What tipped you off ?
Get out .
Image number six , woman giving birth .
It is nine o’clock , where you been ?
Oh , no .
I did not .
Why had you get that ? You hate lamb .
I thought Amy was gonna drive you home .
Okay , Sheldon , what happened between you and Amy ?
Yeah .
Sheldon , I have known you a long time , and I am going to tell you this with all the love I can possibly muster . Amy is right . You are wrong .
Does not matter .
Does not matter .
Okay , fine , Sheldon . What is your side ?
Thanks for getting me in trouble .
Sheldon , what are you doing here so late ?
No .
What do you want ?
Sheldon , you are not a weirdo .
What is your point ?
I like you , too .
Pull .Penny : What are you working on ?
Guys , listen up .
Next week is the anniversary of my first date with Bernadette .
Sheldon ?
Well , for starters , you have broken up with me so many times , which first date are we talking about ?
Sheldon ?
Sheldon , I know you are in the zone , but do you want some tea ? All right , I ca not believe I am gonna say this , but you have not spoken in hours and I am starting to get worried . Please say something .
Nope , it was better before .
Holy crap , Sheldon , did you just figure out a method for synthesizing a new stable super heavy element ?
Fine . I will melt her heart . And her face .
Yeah , I read your paper online . That technique for creating a new heavy element is inspired .
Sheldon , that is incredible .
So , what happens next ?
Good to know .
Yeah , I am trying to be sad about that . I ca not .
I do not think the Smithsonian is gonna want your marker .
Sheldon , I am so proud of you .
What is next ?
And what ?
What is wrong ?
What are you talking about ?
That Americans ca not handle the metric system ?
But the Chinese team found the element .
So you just got lucky ?
You and me both , brother . It does not matter . The element was found because of you , and that is groundbreaking .
You know , Sheldon , in neuroscience , we are forever finding something in one part of the brain that we thought was someplace else .
 : You got to stop beating yourself up over this . I mean , you made a mistake , but it was a happy mistake .
Oh , people get things they do not deserve all the time . Look at me with you .
Buddy , I do not think you can . I mean , once it is out there , it is out there . This thing is like the science equivalent of a sex tape .
You do not know what a sex tape is , do you ?
There he is .
Woo !
Wait , I do not understand . They did not find the element ?
I am getting worried about Bernadette . I am gonna call and check on her .
Oh , that is a big deal .
I am not .
Sheldon , I have been thinking about it , and you are right . You do not deserve any credit . All you did was misread some numbers on a table . A very easy table , too . Honestly , I am embarrassed for you .
Damn it , everyone is better at this than me .
Oh , no .
Sheldon , get over here .
If I did not have you , life would be blue , I had be Dr . Who without the TARDIS .
Howie , that was amazing . Look , I am shaking .
Oh , yeah , just the first one . I did not save them all .
Me ? What did I do ?
Sorry .
That is because you have never seen him on restock the medicine cabinet day .
Oh , Gas X has a new ultra strength . I guess they really do read their mail .
Oh , yeah .
Oh , maybe we should not bother him .
He thinks there is a difference .
Trust me , I , I remember .
No , she is not .
Sheldon .
Sheldon , come on .
Hey , Sheldon , let is go mock the people buying homeopathic medicine , you love that .
Hey , I got an email from Professor Proton .
He is working on a paper about nano vacuum tubes , and wants to know if I had take a look at it .
Yeah , it is nothing to cry about .
Is it really worth getting upset about ?
Come on , he is a retired kids show host .
Have you ever thought about why Arthur did not want you to read his paper ?
Maybe he found you , um , a bit much .
From what I saw the other day , I could understand why he and some people might find you…
Does not matter .
Sheldon .
When did I have pistachios ?
Sheldon , what are you doing here ?
Of course you woke me , it is seven thirty .
What do you want , Sheldon ?
She sounds like a keeper .
All right , apology accepted . Have a nice night .
Sheldon , in a couple hours I have to get up , pee and then wander around the house .
I should be so lucky .
You know , if it is all the same with you , I , I think I will , I will stick with Leonard .
Good night .
You are annoying .
I am sorry , Dr . Jeffries , I am just excited . This nano vacuum tube idea of yours is , it is really interesting .
Why is it odd ?
He said I had be speaking to a class .
They are gonna have sex before Sheldon and I do , I know it .
Hi , Sheldon .
Yeah , me , too . Somewhere around the third floor I began to see a , a white light .
No , no , no , I am , I am here , I am here to see you .
No , I , I , I was thinking , if it is not too much trouble , I had like to get your opinion about my , my paper .
Oh . Uh , great .
And , what did you think ?
Mmm . Thank you .
Oh , well , that , that means a lot to me .
And that is not even the best part . See ? I have one , too . Check it out . You can wear yours and we can have little sword fights whenever we want .
He ca not help it . He ca not . He really ca not .
That one over there .
Skee Ball tickets ?
Ooh , what are you gonna get ?
Yup , oh , here you go .
Why ? Because I got an ugly , itchy sweater , and my brother got a car ? No , I was her favorite .
Hmm , I think I got them all . Nope , they are not in there .
No , no , no , I , I looked , and there is , there is , there is no more tickets .
Okay , okay . I am gonna show you what is in the box . But just promise not to flip out .
Okay , Sheldon , I know I was supposed to return this DVD a long time ago , and I know we rented it on your card . But it is been , like , seven years and clearly nothing bad has happened . So in in in instead of being a giant pain in the ass like you always are , what if this one time you just tried staying calm ?
I am sorry . I will , I will take care of it .
I mean it , I am going to .
And you are going to stay calm ?
So , when you say you are not going to freak out about the DVD , here is what that means . Do not fixate on it . Do not wake me up in the middle of the night . Or nag me through the door while I am on the toilet .
When I broke my arm I used to stick a coat hanger down there . You ever try that ? Maybe go in through the ear ?
Well , I do not know how to do that .
That is stupid . Why ?
I am telling you , try the hanger .
You got it . If this sweater shuts you up , I am gonna make a fortune selling them to everyone we know . Now all I need to do is head down to the video store and return the DVD .
Really ?
Is the point that you are an idiot ?
Hey , what are you working on ?
That is a pretty cool idea .
Sure .
Or it is resolved .
I must say , Sheldon , you are handling this DVD business with an impressive amount of maturity .
Is there some kind of new coping mechanism you are employing ?
I am gonna go with sad . So what is the story with you and this DVD ?
Seriously ?
I love you , Penny .
I think the real question is , why do you waste your time with cheap , childish pranks ?
Okay , Sheldon , I am out of options . Video store owner , Nursis Manookian , has no next of kin .
Oh , oh , no , no . It is because I spent all afternoon at the Armenian church where his funeral mass was held . According to Father Solakian , no one attended . Luckily , my trip was not a complete waste . I lit a candle and prayed for your death but I am not Armenian , so it probably will not work . This is over , right ?
Listen to me , Sheldon . I am not going to Lebanon to return Super Mario Brothers the movie .
Why is not this bothering you ? Is not your brain getting itchy ? This is on your card . This could be ruining your credit score . Why is not this making you crazy ?
What ?
What ?
Sheldon , that was diabolical .
Yes , it is .
Mmm . I am gonna say not . That is just based on me trying to roll my mom over when she is snoring . Speaking of that big side of beef , uh , she is invited all of you to Thanksgiving at her house .
Please ? Bernadette is bringing her dad ’cause her mom is out of town , and I never have anything to say to that guy .
It had actually be nice to not hear Sheldon complain about my cooking all day .
Sheldon .
We do . And I expect you to be on your best behaviour .
Are you honestly comparing Thanksgiving dinner at Wolowitz is mom is with one of the greatest tragedies in the history of mankind ?
Yeah , they are .
But it did not seem real .
No traffic , we are sailing .
Sheldon , that is completely inappropriate . You ca not keep comparing yourself to a slave .
I will . Why are you making this such a big deal ?
It says here you can get an annulment if any of the following conditions are met . Were you unable to consummate the marriage ?
Happy Thanksgiving .
Wuh , Penny .
I am trying to watch the game . Shut up . Oh , how do you not make a first down there ?
How the hell do you know that ?
What do you think they ought to do now ?
My , my . The plot , like my gravy , thickens .
Yeah , that is why . You remember the Thanksgiving game when it snowed in Dallas ?
I was so pissed , I wanted to shoot my TV .
So , does your dad still live in Texas ?
I am sorry to hear that .
Oh , thanks . So , if your dad died when you were 14 , you were never old enough to have a beer with the man .
Well , you are having one with me .
I never had a beer with my dad , either .
I do not know what is scarier , the bathroom clowns or the woman that put them there .
Hey . Howie says you have been making fun of him all day . Now , both of you apologize right now .
All right , mister , I think you owe Howard and Bernadette an apology .
Thank you .
Sheldon .
Hey , Sheldon , what do you say we go outside and throw around the old pigskin ?
Well , I am drunk .Ira Flatow : This is Science Friday . I am Ira Flatow . My guest today is responsible for the discovery of the first stable super heavy element . Welcome , Dr . Sheldon Cooper .
So , I understand that you actually discovered this element by mistake .
And some people in the science community are calling it The Wonder Blunder .
It is just such a fascinating story . Your calculations are way off , but they find the element anyway . It is like misreading a treasure map and still finding the treasure .
That is interesting , but this could be taking you down the path toward a Nobel Prize . And in chemistry , no less . And would not that be unusual ? Because you are a physicist .
I know you do not like it , but every time you do an interview , it raises the profile of the university . That translates to funding .
How can you not be happy ? You are tall , thin and famous . Oh , my God , I am jealous of Sheldon .
Look , you are gonna be doing this stuff for a while . You are just gonna have to find a way to get used to it .
For a whole week , the nerve of some people .
Sheldon , can I come in ?
No .
Hey , Sheldon . It is been a while .
Amy said you were having a rough time , and I thought maybe we could talk . Is that okay ?
Yeah , I know a little something about that .
I remember why it is been a while . Sheldon , I was actually talking about when I was a kid on Star Trek .
Well , not everybody felt that way . A lot of people really hated the character , and some of them hated me because of it . I would do interviews , and people would be mean to me .
I am just saying that there was a time when I thought I would never get out of Wesley Crusher is shadow . But now , it is just one small part of a pretty great life , and it is a part that I am happy is there .
Good .
Okay .
Can I blow the whistle ?
There is also a time to stop eating too many jelly beans . And it is when you are ten .
Hey , you are in a good mood .
Well , you are about to be in an even better one . I did not want to say anything until I knew for sure , but , I have been re running the tests on your element in my lab and I disproved it . Your element does not exist .
Yeah , it turns out someone added simulated signals to the data files . They faked the results .
Yes . Do you know what that means ? That means all of this attention that you hate goes away .
No , it is all over .
Well , you are welcome .
What ?
I , I do not understand . All you have done since you discovered this stupid element was complain . I was trying to make you happy .
Oh , there is no winning with you . And koalas and otters do not even live near each other .
Hey , what is with all the yelling ?
Oh , that is great . You must be thrilled ,
He is counting hobbits and superheroes , right ?
The , the element never existed . I did not take it away , science took it away . Be mad at science .
Actually , I get what he is saying .
It is like if you are dating someone you are not that into , and then they break up with you and then you want them more than ever .
Okay , Sheldon , what do you want me to do , hide the information ? If I do not publish it , it is just a matter of time before someone else does .
Fine , I will publish .
Hey . I just wanted to let you know that I , I posted my findings .
These things happen all the time , Sheldon .
Okay , Barry , that is enough .
Is ? Is that a wefewence to my speech impediment ? That is pwetty hurtful . I , I ca not contwol it .
Bark once if you need me to call PETA .
Oh , relax , she is in her crate . She ca not get out .
You know , if it makes you feel any better…
Sheldon , it is a beautiful night . Why do not you and I go for a nice walk together ?
Thanks .
It is all right .
Well…
He asked me .
As I was saying…
Sheldon .
You know , I had really like to hear it from Dr . Hofstadter , if it is okay with you .
Sheldon , this interview is supposed to be about me .
A little early for alcohol , is not it ?
Hey , Sheldon , you want to play next ?
Where ?
Is someone sick ?
Oh , she is pregnant ? That is great . You are gone an uncle . Uncle Sheldon .
How come you never said she was pregnant ?
Well , congrats , and it is nice you are gonna be there for your sister .
Wow , so , how long will you be gone ?
Can I give you a ride to the airport ?
Hello .
Yeah , kinda .
Hey , how is your sister ?
That is wonderful . So you are at the hospital ?
You know , many people believe that home births are better because the mother is in a warm , comfortable environment where she can be nurtured by loved ones .
Shelly , come on . Your sister is fully dilated and she wants a nice family picture before there is blood everywhere .
Hi , Sheldon . Everything okay ?
Listen to me . That is not the way they usually look .
Sheldon Lee Cooper . You get back in this room right now . And bring a mop .
Hey , Sheldon .
Doing laundry ?
So , what do you think ?
Please , Sheldon . I need you .
To take me .
Come on , Sheldon . You and me right here .
How is it going , Sheldon ?
Oh , good . Is the baby born yet ?
Where had you go ?
How is it going , Sheldon ?
Congrats .
Well , good for you , buddy . We will let you get back in there .
Come on , Sheldon , you should go .
Well , you always complain that you never had an intelligent role model growing up , and now you can be one for your nephew .
Just really glad you are back .
I missed you .
Did you miss me ?
Oh .
Did you hold the baby ?
And ? How did it make you feel ?
Hmm . Can we maybe put the phones down and have an actualhuman conversation ?
Oh , yeah
If you are really desperate to meet women and like having food eaten out of your mouth , I could set you up with my mom .
It is a joke .
Oh , that is so sweet of you , but I was gonna steal food from here . You know , my treat .
No . Do you ?
I take it back . That was funny .
I bet that bit killed at The Chuckle Hut .
You know , I think we are zeroing in on your problem .
Are you set on people laughing with you ? ‘Cause if you are cool with at you…
I know , but you are going to be a TV star and you have not left me yet . That takes guts .
Why ?
Just think of the first 245 as the prequel .
Well , the diner scene . Where is my diner scene ?
This does not make any sense . I mean , I , I thought I did a , a really good job , I… Excuse me .
Should have let Sheldon come .
Well , that makes sense . The prefrontal cortex is responsible for planning and anticipation , and patients with brain lesions on their…
Sheldon , you scared me . That was not funny .
Okay , the notion that you can read a few books and come up with a definitive theory of comedy is absurd . I mean , humour is a complex neurological…  Okay , that is pretty good .
We will find somebody else .
I guess .
Sure .
I do not think I want to go out with you anymore .
Sheldon , how many words are you gonna go through ?
No , forget it . I take it back . Offer is off the table .
Really not a good time .
No , no , I just need to be alone .
To my room .
No .
What ?
Smooth .
No .
Penny proposed , and I did not say yes .
That is a good question .
I do not know .
Because I am afraid to know the answer .
That is it ? You are not gonna make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment ?
Did you just put a kick me sign on my back ?
I am in the middle of something .
I know .
You need to let it go , Sheldon .
Oh , my God , they are just making you use your vacation days .
Okay , listen , I do not mean to diminish what you are going through , but I am a little distracted right now .
It does not .
I am gonna go talk to Penny .
No . You are on vacation .
Do you really think there is gonna be a breakthrough without you there to do it ?
Bye .
No .
No .
Oh , Sheldon , stay .
Oh . Hey , Sheldon .
You okay ?
Why are you sitting in the stairwell ?
Oh . Well , good boy .
Oh , I have a ton of errands to run . I need to make copies of my headshot , send them off to agents and sign up for a new acting class .
Okay . You want to come with me ?
Before we begin your guided meditation , close your eyes and picture yourself in a peaceful environment .
Now , take a deep , relaxing breath in through your nose . And let it out .
In .
And out .
I did not get it .
Do you think quitting my job was a mistake ?
No . I am serious .
Because Leonard just pissed me off . Am I being an idiot or not ?
Really ?
Thank you . I needed to hear that . Why ca not Leonard understand it ?
And hold three , two , one . Very good . Now let is try Warrior 2 . And hold .
Yeah , well , I do not think we are gonna get to do that today .
How did she get you to do yoga ?
Sheldon , take a break .
Yeah , well , maybe we do .
Can we please have some privacy ?
No .
For some reason , we are planning a future where we both live with Sheldon forever .
Look , I know you think I am being reckless , and you might be right , but I need to take this shot .
You keep saying you are on my side , but you do not act like it .
Well , it is scary for me , too .
Okay . Thank you .
Oh , I have got butterflies .
They sell out incredibly fast , but as long as one of us gets in , we can buy passes…
Oh , I have to go to the bathroom so bad .
Five , four , three , two , one .
Anyone in ?
Nope .
I did it , I did it , I am in the queue .
Oh , Thursday is gone . Just Sunday left .
Sunday is gone .
I ca not believe we are not going .
Oh , guys , this is really sad . And in a different way than it was twenty minutes ago .
Sheldon , just buy scalped tickets with us .
I already found a guy online who is willing to sell .
Sheldon , just come with us . You are not gonna make your own convention .
Did you tell them that you are holding your convention at a Marie Callender is , and that every panellist gets a free slice of pie ?
Look , even your friend Wil Wheaton thinks this is a waste of time .
Sheldon , buddy , I just do not think this is going to come together for you .
Good luck .
Oh , and I thought our days of pretending to be with women who do not exist were over .
Does that step include chloroform and a roll of duct tape ?
How are you gonna get James Earl Jones ?
Sheldon , I do not care if you get scalped tickets with us or not , but please do not be creepy and go stalking this poor guy . You are gonna get in trouble .
Let me guess . You like Star Wars . You know , I have been in other movies . But you do not care about those , do you ? I have one thing to say to people like you . I like Star Wars , too . Care to join me ?
Well , your friend Leonard sounds like a real weenie .
You know , when I first read the script for Empire Strikes Back and Darth Vader told Luke he was his father , I thought for sure he was lying .
He was not . How messed up was that ?
I lied about the Pepto , I always use the little cup .
It is true .
They sure did .
That is right .
Oh , God , I could really use exactly two tablespoons of Pepto right now .
Ah wimoweh , ah wimoweh…
Outside a house .
Shh .
Ah , Sheldon , this is the perfect end to a perfect night .
What were you trying to ask me at the strip club ?
No . Something about a convention .
Why do not you and your friends come to Comic Con with me ?
Of course . And San Diego is right across the border from my favorite city on Earth , Tijuana , where I am taking you every night .
So , Beau Bridges is on my shoulders , and Jeff Bridges is on Marlon Brando is shoulders , and remember , we do not have permission to be in the pool… hey , Sheldon , wake up . And Angie Dickinson is about to sic the dogs on us , and I go under the water and Marlon goes under the water , and the water raises about two feet and sloshes all over her patio , and the dogs freak out and run like hell , and then we run like hell . Oh , boy , that was a lot of fun .Amy : Item 28 , your pet name for me . Time is running out on this . You need to make a decision .
I am sorry , but Gollum and Flakey are not acceptable .
We will come back to that one . This brings us to the final item in our annual State of the Relationship Summit . Item 29 , Valentine is Day .
Before you get upset , I believe I have come up with a way for us to celebrate the occasion that we both can enjoy .
I propose we spend a weekend at a bed and breakfast in Napa Valley .
Come on , Sheldon . Why not ?
One step ahead of you , Bernadette and Wolowitz are going with us .
I got you your own room .
It does not . I know it makes you feel like you are bathing inside a monster .
We are going to have Valentine is Day dinner on a fully functioning vintage train .
An Alcoa FA 4 diesel locomotive leading a train of meticulously restored 1915 Pullman first class coaches .
That would really piss me off if I did not have a buzz going on .
I am sorry , what ?
I do not own a pocket watch .
What do you think , Sheldon ?
I am so glad you like it .
And for the entrée , tonight is special is a seafood risotto . Do you have any questions ?
I am sorry , I meant questions about the food .
Fun fact , it is neither . They actually use the AAR type E coupler . If you listen carefully when the locomotive disconnects , you will hear the characteristic click pshht thunk of the knuckle .
Okay . Koothrappali was right . We should have let her watch .
Okay . Here is my impression of the Amtrak Acela barreling down the Eastern Corridor . Wch wch wch wch shhhh . Wch wch wch wch shhhh . Wch wch wch wch shhhh .
See if you guys can guess this one . Bang . Splat . Thud .
Tons . A box fell on my head at UPS six years ago . Now I just collect disability and ride trains .
Excuse me . You are at Valentine is dinner with your girlfriend . Now get back over there and be with her .
Okay , what was the best four ten four U .S . Locomotive ever built ?
Or was there ?
In 1944 , the Pacific Railroad built number 6131 , which rearranged the drivers and cylinders , solving the problem of the Q 1 , creating a duplex drive four four six four .
Hold on to your conductor is hat . You crank the second and third axles , creating a pair of internal connecting rods , and boom , four ten four . If you think about it , the Q 2 was like the four ten four America never made .
You know , if you ask nicely , they will let you visit the engine room .
It is feeling like it never will .
You guys missed a pretty great time .
It was crazy .
Why are you still here ?
I am being rude ? You have been rude to me this entire evening .
I am detecting a little friction between you two , and I do not want to be a third rail . Get it ?
Leave .
It is Valentine is Day . We are supposed to be having a romantic weekend .
Fine , it is true . I deserve romance , and I did not know how else to make it happen .
Sheldon .
That was nice .
Okay , have fun .
There you go . All cozy wozy . Here , let is see what the doctor says to keep an eye out for . Hmm . Rajesh , I was dreading Valentine is Day . Thank you for spending it with me . Yvette . Cinnamon , she she gave me her phone number . If I had known it was that easy , I would have considered poisoning you months ago . Oh , what should I say ? Oh , I know . I will point out her name is Yvette , and that she is a vet . That is hysterical . She will love it .
Oh , hey . You are back . How was your trip ?
Great . What did you do ?
Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . I am gonna need more details .
No , hang on . Hang on . Are all those things equal to you ?
Well , give it a go .
Guys , you are being childish .
Oh , I am sorry .
Oh , sure , I sit on the floor for years , no one cares . The pretty white girl is there ten seconds , and suddenly we are all running to IKEA .
Yeah , you guys never use that space up there . Why not get a table ?
Hey , how come we never get that option ?
Hey , Penny and I are gonna go shop for a dining room table . You want to come with us ?
Seriously ? You have not used this desk in years . The second I want to get rid of it , you are up here working ?
Are you really gonna sit here all day ?
If you will recall , the Vogon fleet blew up the Earth anyway .
I am putting all this stuff in storage . We do not need any of it .
Oh , hang on . Check your in box .
Huh ?
Nary an argument ? Nary ?
Hey , all set . What do you think ? There is plenty of room for everybody , a view out the window .
Give it a chance , Sheldon , you might actually like it .
Well , you ca not say he did not give it a fair shot .
We are not .
That .
Well , it is always me , take one for the team .
Okay , I have not tried to change Leonard . That is just what happens in relationships . Look how much Amy is changed you .
Oh , please . When I first met you , you were incapable of touching another human being . Now you are holding hands , you are going on dates , you even made out with her on a train .
You are too close to it , but Amy has had a huge impact on you .
Mm , Sheldon , you did not have a personality , you just had some shows you liked .
Or you are just a tall , annoying frog .
Oh , Sheldon , wait .
I am not surprised you want to end the relationship . I am a little surprised you did not get AppleCare . Anyway , enjoy your life . Where do I sign ?
Oh , I have already moved on . Besides , this breakup has nothing to do with me .
Of course not . This is just Leonard trying to take the focus off that dreadful table by sowing discord in our relationship . He is manipulating you like he always does .
All the time . And he knew that , as your girlfriend , I was not gonna stand by and let him bring a table into your apartment . I mean , a table ? Come on ?
Well , thankfully , I will not have to see it , ’cause I will not be your girlfriend anymore . Amy Farrah Fowler . Why , yes , I would like to take a survey .
Of course I was .
I think if I were manipulating you , you had be smart enough to see it .
I think you had be smart enough to see that , too .
You are right , it is great .
Oh , hey . You guys did not break up .
Which you also figured out by yourself .
Well , I am glad you are still together .
Which is stronger than ever .
But it got the way it was through change . The the the spot that you love to sit in , that no one else can sit in , only exists because , despite your objections . I bought this couch . Me . So explain why that change was bad and this change was good .
You do not need to explain yourself to him .
You are sick of his nonsense and ready to move in with me .
So why are you trying to ruin it ?
Can we please talk about something other than my depressing love life ?
Serial Ape ist ? I thought you died in that .
While showering topless , 16 minutes after brief side butt during a pillow fight with her sorority sisters .
Okay , well , there are no shower scenes in this one . They just try to clone me from my corpse , but my DNA gets mixed with the ape is DNA and I end up running around with giant gorilla hands and feet .
I think we are gonna go .
Hey , I work at the same university you do .
No , no , no . This is not a fight . I was just excited that someone offered you a part and a little surprised that you had rather sit at home and do nothing than take it . Now it is a fight .
I did not do anything . I was just sitting here .
That was ten years ago .
I was there . It was funny .
Hey .
Listen , I was thinking you and I could probably try to be better friends .
Seriously , I was talking to Bernadette last night and she made some great points . You and I have known each other a long time , and I did not hear the rest ’cause she took her bra off .
Uh , for starters , we could stop insulting each other .
Anyway , I got invited to do a little talk at NASA in Houston this weekend . They gave me two tickets . Bernadette ca not go . You want to come with me ? You can visit your mom , and I will show you around the space centre .
No .
Just tell her what I am really like . And , if you think it will help , that you saw me changing once and my package reminded you of the muscular tail of a jaguar . Use your own words .
Oh , it is no problem . Is everything okay ?
Remember the old days when I would have said something dumb like why ? Uh , that does not sound good .
Yes .
Yeah , I know it is on , Sheldon . Oh , no , no , no , no , no . I cannot afford this right now .
Teams are fun .
How ? Unlike me , you have a job . I am just gonna have to go back to being a waitress , like I will be for the rest of my life .
I am sorry , is the fact that my life is falling apart interfering with your board game ?
How do I know what you said ? Damn you and your noise cancelling breasts .
You excited for Texas ?
It is not every day you get to tour NASA with a real astronaut .
Buzz Aldrin .
What now ?
You just went to the bathroom .
Well , it still does not .
Fine .
I am trying to be a better friend , but you constantly say and do irritating things .
When ? How about in the car ? I am an astronaut , and you know it . You just do not like admitting it , because you are jealous .
Thank you .
No .
Here you go . Be creative . What is the matter ? Scared of a little turbulence ?
Oh , this is nothing . I experienced way worse when I was plummeting back to Earth , apparently not being a real astronaut . Okay , that was a big one .
Not my best first date . Yeah , but not my worst , either .
I am sorry , too . It is all my fault .
Thank you , Sheldon .
It is over .
Should we stop holding hands now ?
Suit yourself . But I can kind of see up your skirt .
Thank you for not making fun of me during my speech .
We ca not show up to your mom is empty handed . We should bring something .
Oh , boy .
Okay , give me the flowers and pie .
They are only from me . You said the gift of you was enough .
What is wrong ?
What ? Sheldon , tell me what is going on .
You ready to talk about it ?
Does a brisket count ? I am sorry , buddy , that is rough . But did not she know we were coming ?
Well , did she see you in the window ?
Then do not say anything .
Well , do not do it on the phone .
That is some tough talk , I may need to cut you off .
Look , she is a grown woman . And , and your dad is been gone a long time . Maybe this is none of your business .
Really ? You think I am putting this body through three kids ?
Good luck .
While you confront your mother about her sex life ? I had rather go back to that bar in ass less chaps .
Shelly , I am so glad you are here .
What are you talking about ?
Oh , Shelly , I am so sorry . Come in . Um , maybe we should sit down and talk about this .
That is not funny . Maybe we should sit at the table . Well , I am sure that , uh , you have a lot of questions .
His name is Ron . I met him at my prayer group .
A few months .
That is no way to speak to your mother .
I will give you one opportunity , young man , to apologize .
Or I will send you to your room .
Go to your room .
Go to your room .
Go to your room !
Hey , can I come in ?
That was an hour ago , Sheldon . A Jew sits in front of a house in Texas that long , For Sale signs start to go up . I take it things did not go smoothly with your mom .
You know , I , I sort of went through something like this myself .
I am talking about when my mom started seeing someone a couple of years after my dad left .
Yeah , she was dating this guy , and I was kind of a jerk to her about it .
Well , let is just say it was the most vicious bar mitzvah speech in the history of Temple Beth El . Anyway , she broke up with him . And she is basically been alone ever since . She never said it , but I always felt I was the reason why .
All I am saying is you might not want to get in the way of your mom is happiness .
Hello . Are you ready to discuss this calmly , like adults ?
Shelly , I am sorry that you saw what you saw . I know that this is hard for you .
You are right , it does , and it is something that I am struggling with these days .
Because I am not perfect , Shelly . And that man is booty is .
That is very Christian of you .
How old do you think I am ?
Are you having the sex talk with me ?
Oh , dear Lord .
All right , I will see you guys in 20 years .
If only there were a solution to that .
So go to the bathroom .
Why not ?
Forgive me for asking a stupid question , but why are you being stupid ?
I know . Next time I get pulled over for a speeding ticket , here come the waterworks .
Ah , really ? Thank you . Fate has given me a rare second chance , and I swear to Vishnu I am not gonna blow it . Or normal words followed by a charming smile .
Can you get the butter , please ?
Then get the other one . Pass the butter .
Fine , Sheldon . You have my undivided attention .
No way .
Well , you would not want your gaming system to overheat .
Included ?
Why would they still be using DDR3 ? Are they nuts ?
Whoa , whoa . Wait a second . Who is they ?
You are kidding .
So it is a family film .
You are welcome .
Uh , it is date night . Are not you , uh , forgetting something ?
No .
Okay , that is enough .
Uh , Xbox One .
Huh ?
PS4 .
Both great .
I like the Wii .
I am proud of you , Sheldon .
Well , that is got to be a good feeling .
Oh , crap .
You were just a little kid .
How old were you then ?
What is a Zune ?
No , what are you doing ? No , no , pick that back up . You know it is good . You did the research .
You know what ? How about I buy it for you ? How about I buy you both ?
Then I will buy you a new entertainment centre .
How about this ? I have heard that if you flip a coin , it will tell you how you actually feel . Because you will either be disappointed or excited by the outcome .
So , heads it is PS4 , tails it is Xbox One .
What is it ?
Really ? Because I am dating two women is basically the only cool thing I can say about myself .
Oh , I am sorry , guys , but the store closed five minutes ago .
Let is get you some food . You , You will feel better after you eat .
What what do you want , like , Thai food ? A burger ?
What do you think about it , Sheldon ?
Are you kidding me ? This may be the biggest scientific breakthrough of our lifetime . How can you , as a theoretical physicist , not care about this ?
Oh , my God , you are jealous .
Oh , I do not know . Maybe because the origin of the universe just got proven , the Higgs field just got proven , and you have been working on string theory for the last 20 years and you are no closer to proving it than when you started .
Excuse me , fewwas . Sowwy for eavesdwopping , but there actually was some big stwing theowy news today out of the Hadwon Cowwider .
No , but they did find evidence that you will bewieve anything .
Incowwect . I am a stwing pwagmatist . I say I am gonna pwove something that cannot be pwoved , I appwy for gwant money , and then I spend it on wiquor and bwoads . Water .
Hey , you are up early .
I told you those Walking Dead pillowcases were a bad idea .
Is something bothering you ?
Oh , come on , try me .
Okay . I get it . I mean , not all the jibberjabber in the middle , but I know what it is like to put your heart and soul into something and get nothing out of it .
No .
No .
No . I am saying you and string theory sound like a relationship , and I know what it is like to be in one and realize it is never gonna turn out the way you want .
I am talking about other guys .
You have to have the courage to end the relationship . You know ? Break it off , shake hands , walk away .
Penny , have you seen my good inhaler ?
She is . But I like that attitude .
You are really going to do this ?
You are reading Cosmo ?
What is this ?
Oh , yeah . Was not that the basis of your postdoc fellowship ?
It is going to be okay .
Are you sure you want to do this ?
Oh my God , I do look like that .
So , how do you want me to cut it ?
Or I do not cut it and maybe just style it a little .
That does not work any more . He just thinks I am taking him to the doctor . So , now that you are no longer invested in string theory , what are you gonna pursue ?
Oh , Leonard was telling me about dark matter , but I did not really understand it .
Okay , what do you think ?
Yeah .
Yeah , it is cute . That is the problem . I do not need other girls to see him walking around like sex on a stick .
Sheldon , your food is getting cold . What are you doing ?
Wait . What is wrong with geology ?
Let me put this in a way you will understand , Penny . You remember how you explained to me that the Kardashians are not real celebrities ? Well , geology is the Kardashians of science .
Have you considered studying standard model physics ?
Maybe you could make your new field of study the calculation of nuclear matrix elements .
What about loop quantum gravity ?
Sheldon , have you ever considered not rushing into something new ? I mean , why do not you take your time , enjoy your freedom ? Maybe something new to study will find you .
How does that happen ?
Okay , how about we toast your newfound freedom ?
Come on , let is get you to bed . You have had a lot to drink .
That is what I am saying .
Been there .
How you feeling ?
Are you gonna introduce me to your friend ?
I do not know . I heard you reading pretty loud last night .
After she put you to bed , she went home .
What ?
You are awful quiet . Everything okay ?
Ugh . Me , too . What happened ?
I would not worry about it . He is got a pretty good sense of humour .
Oh , well , turns out I had already met the girl Raj is seeing when I did a number on her bathroom . And that number was two .
Whatever you say , Cwogziwwa .
Oh , and there is not even a bathroom on set . I have to go to the gas station across the street . I mean , I was dressed like half an ape and still not even close to the most disgusting person in there .
Sure . What is up ?
Huh , well , I think there is some really innovative stuff going on in dark matter .
Leonard , what did we say about being a gullible weenie ?
Yeah . Sounds like me . Come on , Sheldon . What do you say ?
Great , what do you want to do ?
What can we do that is free ?
Are you kidding ? That is what you always do . Think harder .
You know what ? Why do not we just ease into this . Let , let is go for a walk and , and , and see if we find a new restaurant .
No .
No . Bernadette is working late .
Aw . What is wrong with her ?
That is not what I meant .
What ails her ?
Not that one .
Yep .
Hey , how about that Asian fusion place ?
What the hell ? What ? She is not working late .
Why would they lie to us ?
You are not working late . Why did you lie to me ?
Well you know what ? Maybe I need a break from all of you . Come on , Sheldon .
We are gonna have Anything Can Happen Thursday , you are gonna tell me all about your science stuff and I am gonna complain about my movie , and we are gonna support each other because that is what friends do .
What is wrong ?
It is fusion .
Think I have been complaining too much about the movie ?
Thank you .
Hey , I do not understand why you are not upset with Amy .
Thank you . Hey , maybe the answer to your career question is in one of these .
Come on , open it . I bet it says something great .
Fine , I will go . Hmm . People turn to you for guidance and wisdom . Yeah , that is a good one .
How is that not good ?
Uh , since you are paying for dinner , I will let that slide . Open yours .
Not with money . Read .
Oh , I think I see our next stop .
No , come on , tonight we are trying new things .
I gotta go . Penny ratted me out . FYI , she is getting you a watch for your birthday with money she took out of your wallet .
All right , Sheldon , just ask your question .
Oh , for God is sake . Look , he is a physicist who is trying to figure out what his next field of study should be .
All right , why do not we begin ? Your spirit guides are telling me that there is a woman in your life you are having problems with .
Yes , yes , your spirit guides are on fire .
Does she work in a similar field to you ?
Exactly . Personally and professionally . Everything will fall into place once you commit to her .
And play .
Well , I was just feeling so bad about lying to you the other night , I wanted to make it up to you .
Uh , well , it is not May the fifth , and it is not May the third . It is May the fourth .
Hey , you got a second ?
Sheldon , I have got some bad news .
I just read online that Arthur Jeffries passed away .
Sorry , buddy .
Comforting you ?
Anyway , the , the funeral is on Sunday .
Yeah , um , of all the things about this that are sad , that might not be number one . You okay ? I know he meant a lot to you .
Watching your old friend ?
Do you want me to go to the funeral with you ?
Why not ?
Are you sure you do not want to go say good bye ?
And watching a bunch of goofy space movies you have seen hundreds of times is not ?
Hey , uh , Sheldon , you want anything ?
You are being so quiet . Are you upset or are you just rebooting ?
Sweetie , are you sure you do not want to come with us to the funeral ?
No , he blew up the Death Star . Why do I know this ?
Yeah .
Since we all agree Episode I is not our favourite , maybe we just skip it this time .
Okay , so you had lose most of Jar Jar , all the trade route talk and the boring senate hearings , which are like watching C SPAN with monsters .
It was just a suggestion .
Obviously .
You never heard it that time .
I am . Oh , it , it is fantastic . I mean this , this is the longest that I have gone without running into a men is room in , in , in years .
I do not know . I was , I was hoping I was going to haunt my ex wife .
I am , I am not , I am not familiar with that . Is , is , is that an , an Internet ?
Well , that , that clears that up .
Well , this , this is weird . Most , most of my robes open in , in the back .
Oh , wait . What , what , what is , what is this ?
Where , where , where are we ?
Oh . Too bad . I thought it was Florida .
Um , always , get , get a prenup .
Well , why , why do you think I am here ?
Is , is this the , the first time you have lost , you know , someone close to you ?
Yeah , I have , I have outlived a few of my doctors , too .
I am , I am sorry about that .
Well , you know , it is , it is okay to , to be sad about them . Just , just make sure , you know , you appreciate those who , who are still there for you .
Hey , buddy . Heard you are having a rough day . You all right ?
It was nice , you know . A lot of people showed up , told some great stories about him . Did you know that Arthur is son is a high school sci… ?  Hey , the guys are about to start Jedi . You want to go watch ?
Sheldon , that , that will take us all night .
Happy Star Wars Day .
Yeah , apparently , um , I am here whenever , when , whenever you need me .
May , maybe for you .
Well , as near as I could tell , you , you fell asleep watching Star Wars , and now you are , you are dreaming you are watching Star Wars .
I mean , do not , do not you see a problem there ? I mean , how , how you are spending your limited time on Earth ?
Should we do something for her ?
Sheldon , we are talking about your friend is mother . She got hurt .
I do not know . The bisexual gorilla go go dancer in Schindler is List is tough to beat .
It only gets funnier when you explain it , Sheldon .
As advertised .
Thanks for inviting me after everyone else said no . Are not you gonna get 3 D glasses ?
Is that a real thing ?
Uh , this is my friend , Sheldon . Sheldon , this is Emily .
Yeah , okay .
Uh huh .
Yes .
Thanks for skipping the movie . I could not sit in that theatre for two hours wondering about Emily and that guy .
You do not have to make me anything .
Sorry , I left them in my turban .
Would not you be upset if you saw Amy out with someone else ?
But you do not have sex with her , either .
To be truthful , Emily and I have not dated that long , and we never agreed to be exclusive to each other .
No .
I do not understand it . I am a nice guy , I have a great job , I am well educated , come from a good family . Why do not women want to be with me ?
What ? Do not send me home . I ca not be alone right now .
What do you mean ?
Eleven .
Eleven . Wait . Do I count the 200 pound Sailor Moon girl that Howard and I had a threesome with at Comic Con ?
I will stick with eleven . She liked Howard better .
Maybe . I , I do not know .It is late , I should , I should go . Look , I do get what you are saying . Instead of desperately clinging to any woman who will go out with me , I need to work on my fear of being alone .
She is just so impossible , they keep quitting .
Hey , buddy .
You okay ?
Why ?
That is a rude thing to say , out loud .
Whatever you do , just do not make any rash decisions .
What you working on ?
Oh . How is it going ?
It is nice that you called them esteemed .
So , listen , there was something I was hoping to float past you .
Now that Penny and I are engaged , I thought we might want to talk about our living arrangements .
I am not .
Actually , this is about where she and I are going to live .
Well , well , we might want to live together .
That is very sweet . But we were thinking more of us maybe living together with… not you .
Look , I , I know this is , this is change , and that sounds scary .
I do not know . We just started to think about this . Maybe I will move in with Penny , or maybe she and I will take this place , and you can move across the hall .
No , I did not .
No .
Because I love Penny , and want to give her the life she deserves .
Well , yeah .
They just do not appreciate you .
Here , I made you some Strawberry Quik .
You know , this might work out for the best . I mean , you are always complaining about what a terrible roommate Leonard is . Like how he turns up the thermostat when you are not there .
You hate the sound of all those keys on his key chain .
See ? Maybe you will love living alone .
And if it turns out you do not , you and I could live together .
Sheldon , it was just a thought .
It tastes the same .
Right .
Hey , Sheldon .
I was cooking in the back room last night and the hot plate caught on fire .
I was across the street at the do it yourself car wash , taking a shower .
Um , I do not know . I am waiting to hear back from the insurance company .
I do not mean to be rude , Sheldon , but , uh , my life is kind of falling apart right now .
Well , sorry I let you down .
That will be $2 .99 .
Fine , a dollar .
No , I only have hundreds .
Sheldon .
Yeah .
We were worried about you .
Seriously ? You do not even have a change of clothes or a toothbrush .
Okay , I know you are upset and there is a lot of stuff going on , but it is nothing we ca not work out . Come on , let is get you home .
And go where ?
So a few things do not go your way and your best decision is to ride the rails like a hobo ?
Come on , come home with us and tomorrow I will , I will take you to Legoland .
Then what can I do ?
He will be okay . You taught him well , Padawan .
Sheldon , if you really need to do this , I am not gonna stand in your way .
Be safe and call us .
Bye , buddy . Sheldon ?
I am gonna miss you .
I really think this is gonna be for the best .
I do not think so .
Um , let me just have some coffee first , and then I will have the strength to tell you how much I will not be doing that .  Hello ?
Hey , buddy . Good to hear your voice .
I had love to . I am just about to do yoga with Penny .
Oh , my God , are you okay ?
Okay .
Sheldon , hang tight . Hey , do you want me to bring anything ?
I said well past it .
Not yet .
Nope .
It would not kill you to pick up the phone .
We are doing everything we can .
Sheldon .
Are you okay ?
What do you mean , why did I come ? You are my boyfriend . I have not seen you in over a month . I just drove six hours to help you out . Do not you have anything to say besides why did you come ?
So , Sheldon , tell us about your trip . Where had you go ?
How were they ?
Hang on . You travelled across the entire country and never left a train station ?
I am sorry , so you never went outside ?
Oh , my God , no .
I do not care .
Have you not noticed that I have been sitting back here quietly stewing for the past two hours ?
I am mad at you . How could you just go away like that without even saying good bye , and then call Leonard for help instead of me ?
We are in a moving car . What do you expect me to do ? Stick my fingers in my ears ?
What is the big deal ?
Just tell her .
You were worried about that ?
Sheldon , it is okay with me that you are not perfect .
Sure .
That is right , sucka .
Yeah . If you had told anyone that you were going away on a train by yourself across the country , do you know what they would have said ?
But you did do it . So what if it did not all go your way ? That is what makes it an adventure .
See ? This trip was good for you .
Butterfly could have gotten himself home from Arizona .
Hey , look who is back .
I thought your phone got stolen .
And you thought they all had a silver lining .
I cannot believe you travelled the entire country and never left the train station .
Yes , but when they are hungry hungry , you can stop them with marbles .
But half man , half owl could fly…
I said I will get to it .
Yes .
Mm , I do not know . Who here has ever been hurt because they were the teacher is pet ?
Dr . Cooper .
Yes . Uh , welcome back .
You mean the dialogue that went , please , no , please , no , please , no .
Dr . Cooper , while you were away , we came up with a solution that would allow you to change your field of study .
Currently , you are being paid under a grant to specifically research string theory . If we promote you to junior professor , you will be able to choose whatever field of research you had like .
That is correct .
Yes .
Hey , how had it go with human resources ?
I do not understand . Why is it bad that you have to teach ?
The kids are gonna love him .
This might not be that bad . Uh , you like telling people they are wrong .
You enjoy giving people grades .
And you love the sound of your own voice .
Look , most importantly , this will let you move on and study dark matter .
Hey . We just wanted to see how your class was going . Where is everybody ?
Did you send everyone to the principal is office already ?
Well , that is not your fault .
Hey , Sheldon , I am sorry .
Aw , you brought cookies for everyone ?
Hey , what if I took your class ?
I am thinking about getting my doctorate , and he wants to teach . Why not ?
Sheldon , I am more than smart enough to take your class .
Yes .
I would guess a wave function and then vary its parameters until I found the lowest energy solution .
I had use Feynman is trick , differentiate under the integral sign .
Since every interpretation gives exactly the same answer to every measurement , they are all equally correct . However , I know you believe in the Many Worlds Interpretation , so I will say that . Now do you think I am smart enough ?
Oh , come on . You might have gone to school for a couple more years than me , but guess what , engineers are just as smart as physicists .
So , after drinks with Bernadette , I get home , and Penny calls to complain about her . And then while I am talking to Penny , I get a text from Bernadette .
Because it is taken 15 years , but high school is finally awesome . I love them both , but I am in the centre now , and I love that even more .
But I am just…
Hmm . You are up late .
Sheldon , why are you doing this ?
No , I mean , why are you going to so much trouble to prove that you are smarter than Wolowitz ?
You want to know what I think ? I think the idea that someone could be as smart as you , or even smarter , scares the pants off you , and you ca not deal with it .
Might be something to think about .
Yeah .
Hey .
Before we do , I just talked to Leonard . And if you are gonna spend all your time trying to belittle me by making this class unnecessarily hard , then I am out . But if you are interested in making a sincere effort to be a good teacher , then I am willing to give this a shot .
Okay .
I am .
It is an inverted cycloid .
That is where I am a little fuzzy .
All I do is win , win , win no matter what .
Everybody hands go up , up and they stay there !
If you are gonna be a crappy teacher , then I am gonna be a crappy student .  Uh , uh , Ludacris going in on the verse . ’cause I never been defeated and I will not stop now…
Okay .
Making a straw .
So I can shoot you with a spitball .
You mean , like , where she is nice to your face ? Okay got it . Bye . Hey , boyfriend .
Sheldon , I promise . Your uvula does not have an STD .
You reported me to human resources ?
Well , I dropped your class , so I hope you are happy .
I am smart enough , Sheldon . Asking me a bunch of questions about a topic I am not familiar with does not prove anything . I could do the same to you .
Okay . You enjoy making fun of engineering so much , how do you quantify the strength of materials ?
Yeah . Okay , how do you prevent eddy currents in a transformer ?
Okay , this one is for a Cadbury Creme Egg .
I am heckling you . It is a beloved part of baseball .
That is so cool . Congratulations . I guess that makes you the athlete of the group .
No , and neither did our waiter .
Hey , how was dinner ?
You guys are going out two nights in a row ?
It is better than hot , it is binding .
You are aware that a double date does not count as two dates .
Sheldon , I am surprised you had choose to go to a pub .
I then suggested a pub .
You do not even like Yorkshire pudding .
Nice to see a busy couple keep the spark of bureaucracy alive .
Is not this when he says bazooka or something ?
You do not honestly think that , do you ?
Okay , I got to , I , I , I , I got to ask . What makes you think that your relationship is so wonderful and ours is not ?
So do we . And I have seen you guys ignore each other for hours doing totally different things .
Yeah , toddlers do that .
So what ? Why do you even care ?
Whatever . You ca not even go on a date without checking your relationship agreement .
Uh , we are not sure . But I want to wait long enough to prove to my mother I am not pregnant .
Of course . Can I have a bite of your burger ?
Some perfect couple . He will not even share his food with her .
I am not jealous . I just think it is silly for you to compare relationships like they are something that can be quantified .
Sheldon , you are just assigning random numbers to things based on your opinion .
Well , a relationship is more complicated than a French fry .
They developed the Relationship Closeness Inventory , which predicts the stability of a couple based on behaviour .
So , this is accurate ?
Well , kind of takes the romance out of relationships .
No , we are sorry . We never should have been comparing relationships in the first place .
I just want to say one more thing about this . Just because Penny and I are very different people does not mean that we are a bad couple .
Because it does not matter . I do not care if we are a ten or a two .
It would make me so happy if you said things like that .
This is fun , huh ? We get to see our friend throw out the first pitch , have a hot dog , watch the game .
Sheldon , what did you expect ?
I will tell you what . If we stay , I will buy you cotton candy and a bobblehead .
Does it matter ?
‘Cause I am an idiot who did not think this through .
You suck , Wolowitz !
He makes a valid point .Leonard : Have you guys heard about this research team that is trying to transgenically manipulate chicken DNA to create some sort of chicken dinosaur ?
What ? You are afraid of both dinosaurs and chickens .
Hey .
Yeah . I am excited to finally meet your girlfriend .
Since when do you read social science ?
Hey , guys .
Uh , yeah , I am a resident at Huntington Hospital .
Yeah . I am sure that had be fine .
I had say it now , but look at those cheekbones .
You know , he might not reopen . He did not get a lot of money from the insurance company .
All I know is , he is got my mother buying four ply toilet paper . I mean , four ply . If his butt is so delicate , why does not he just use an angora rabbit ?
Ooh , maybe we could come up with a business plan to compete with this place .
No . Yeah .
Ooh , what if we got a van and drove around and picked kids up ?
Hold on . So , your idea is to get a van and cruise the streets looking for kids to pick up ?
Great .
You , okay ? It is you . You are , you are next .
Shh . Amy is here now .
We will get to see all the new stuff before it hits the shelves .
You say things like that all the time .
Well , do you think when she and I had that conversation , she left people off her list ?
Why ?
Will you stay out of this ?
Yeah , and I am not sure that complete honesty is always the best thing for a relationship .
Why are you even part of this conversation ? You do not know anything about women .
He is right .
That is how much buying a comic book store means to me .
Of course .
I am feeling a little backed into a corner , Sheldon .
Interesting . Can you see how a grown man , an accomplished scientist , who invests in a store that sells picture books about flying men in colourful underwear might be wasting both his financial and intellectual resources ?
Then I think it is a terrific idea .
I know . I was looking forward to it .
And snacks .
Probably because we left the diagram of it in the restaurant , and none of us wanted to walk back .
That is not what happened .
No one wants to hear it .
Penny is not the reason I did not pursue that idea .
I think someone owes me an apology .
You admit Amy is a distraction ?
My cousin has a cabin out in the woods .
Then we will go to a hotel .
We could go up to Big Bear and get a house on the lake .
Nothing bad happens in The Lake House .
Fine . Then we will just stay here and do it .
You would go to a beach house ?
For your information , Emily is working tonight .
Okay , let is focus . The girls are gone , we have 48 hours . There are no distractions . Let is change the world .
Oh . I never saw that .
Oh . It is wonderful , and I swear I am not saying that because Justin Timberlake is in it .
Guys , in 30 seconds , we went from let is change the world to let is watch TV .
I , I think I still have it .
Also mine .
You know , let is just come up with something new .
How cool would that be if we could make one of those a reality ?
Oh , I have an idea .
This is Hot Tub Time Machine all over again . If future Biff goes back to 2015 right after he gives young Biff the almanac , he could get back to the 2015 with Marty and Doc in it . Because it was not until his 21st birthday that 1955 Biff placed his first bet .
What do you mean ?
Had will have placed ?
Okay , so , it was not until his 21st birthday that Biff had will have placed his first bet and made his millions . That is when he altered the timeline .
What ?
Wait . Is brought right ?
I do not know . You did it to me .
Guys .
Guys , what are we doing ? We sent the girls away so we could focus .
All right .
Or if we could figure out a way to supercool the materials , we could utilize quantum coupling .
I am sure Mrs . Florida is walking funny . Can we get back to work ?
Like behavior modification ?
We could snap a rubber band on our wrists every time we get sidetracked .
If only we had one .
All right , now , one benefit of quantum coupling…
I think it will be pretty clear . If not , we will take a vote . Oh , and also…
We did not have to , that was clearly a tangent . Now come on . Back to work . If we are leaning towards quantum coupling… Aah ! Why ?
Thank you . And now I owe you one .
Everyone stop . This was a stupid idea . Negative reinforcement is not working .
Negative reinforcement is really wrong ?
No .
It is late . We have wasted hours . Can we please find it in ourselves to do any amount of work tonight ?
So you are , you are saying we should stand here in my lab on a Saturday night and watch the rest of Ghostbusters on a crappy laptop ?
Speaking of new careers , how are things going with dark matter , Sheldon ?
Oh . What is going on ?
Wait , hang on , you guys are gonna work in a mine ?
You had a panic attack when we went through the car wash .
Yeah , it will help them get away when they see a g g ghost .
Yup .
Hey , Sheldon , you busy ?
Do not they lay eggs on a rock ?
So , I did a little research on what the conditions are like in the mines , and the guys might be right , sounds pretty rough down there . For starters , it is very humid , and about a hundred degrees .
It is also a live mine , so there will be dynamite explosions going off in the distance .
Oh , you have to be down there for 12 hours at a time .
Well , there is no toilets , we will have to do our business in a bucket .
Look , I get it , but before we pass up on an incredible opportunity , I was thinking about when Howard was training to go to space , they put him in a simulated environment .
Exactly .
So where should we do it ?
Uh , Sheldon…
No . They forgot I was there . But it really opened up my pores .
This is gonna be so much more accurate than the steam room at the gym .
Or totally naked . I love Howard , but the dude needs a little shame .
Sheldon , I am really impressed you are willing to try this .
I am sweating already .
How hot is it ?
Well , that is what we wanted . This is as hot as the mines will be .
How you feeling ?
Let is set up the equipment . It will help take your mind off of it .
Do you know any mining songs ?
That is pretty .
It is a little more bleak than I thought .
Getting kind of grim .
Okay . How ’bout a little Miley Cyrus next ?
So , as Hannah Montana , Miley was a world famous pop star . But then she would take off her wig and go to school like a normal girl . Which , I do not have to tell you , at that age , is its own headache .
But you are okay with Superman concealing his identity with a pair of glasses ?
You guys doing okay down there ?
You guys doing okay down there ?
I am going to the vending machine . Do you want anything ?
We should have asked her to get some Funyuns .
What if we brought them down with us ?
Anything else ?
Oh , this heat is brutal .
Huh . That does explain why the servants used to look so hot while they were fanning me . Let is get our minds off how uncomfortable we are . We could take some more simulated instrument readings .
How is that going ?
Sheldon , if this is too much , we can stop .
You do not have to bite my head off .
If you would just use the bucket , you had be so much more comfortable .
Oh . Is it Amy ?
Sheldon , you know what I think of when I am scared ? Voyager .
The space probe .
Sheldon , is everything okay ?
Do you really need me to transcribe this ?
Thank you .
I am not a delivery man , I am a doctor . Although I do often deliver alarming biopsy results to my patients .
All right .
All right .
All right . These are actually for a nice woman who makes sales calls to my office .
I was hoping to impress her by tracking her down on the Internet and then showing up unannounced at her door .
Great timing , food just got here .
Yes .
Yes .
No , but you can have mine .
What ? Why did not you say that first ?
Oh , uh , you probably do not want her to see this . It is unnecessarily graphic .
He tried to score with Penny .
Please do not go . Up until my vicious attack , you were the one in the wrong .
Ever since I was a kid , but , uh , I did not really get serious until William Shatner is bladder infection .
Oh . Well , you know , just being myself , really .
Ah , that is a good question . Apparently someone was being awfully flirty while not wearing their engagement ring , causing another someone to show up here thinking the first someone might be available .
I will be right back .
Oh , my God .
Wow , Donkey Kong . This , this was my game when I was a kid .
No , because I liked it .
So , I have noticed Leonard gets teased a lot 0about his relationship with Penny .
So , you think she will be single soon ?
Interesting . Excuse me , I have to take care of something .
What ?
Next game , let is switch helmets .
Uh , guys , we are locked in here .
Just walk .
Fine , it bothers me . You happy ?
How is this helpful ?
But the gibbon does not know what it is categorized as . It does not even know it is called a gibbon .
Did you go to your prom ?
I got to go , bye .
You knocked more than usual .
Okay , what is up ?
Great , how ?
Okay , just one question . What ?
Here is a question , as an alien pretending to be human , are you planning to engage in any post prom mating rituals with Amy ?
Not always . Unless your date drives a van with an air mattress , then always .
You are kidding .
You know , if you are not gonna learn how to do this , they make some pretty good clip ons .
Bruce Wayne does not make his roommate tie it for him .
There , perfect .
I thought you were gonna pretend to be an alien .
Was that a flask ?
You are gonna put alcohol in the punch ?
If you had ripped jeans and a leather jacket , you had be like the toughest kid on the Disney Channel . So , anything else planned for tonight ?
And while you are at it , I know that at this age your hormones are raging , but just because all your friends are having sex does not mean you have to .
You know , ’cause , ’cause a lot of people lose their virginity on prom night .
Sheldon , you look so handsome .
Oh , it is a scaly genital organ that grows between his shoulder blades . Try not to touch it when you are dancing .
Where are you going ?
Sheldon , can I come in ?
Why not ?
You are making me worry . What is going on ?
What pressure ? All I said was you look handsome . Can you please open the door ?
Sheldon , this is silly . I am not missing another prom . I am going upstairs now . Good bye .
You did ?
Well , you can relax . Just because you think I look pretty does not mean we have to spend the night together .
I am always hoping . But tonight I just wanted to have a nice time with you . And maybe dance with someone who has arms .
Of course I understand . Sheldon , there is something else I have been wanting to say , but before I do , I just , I want you to know that you do not have to say it back . I know you are not ready , and I do not want you to say it just because social convention dictates…
You said it .
Okay .
Okay . Here we go , say cheese . Iskip) Say cheese . Iskip) Say cousin . Iskip) Say…Amy : This is an easy one . You love this guy .
Come on , he is an under appreciated genius .
It is not you . Now think , there is a car named after him .
How about this , he is a poor man is Sheldon Cooper .
Hello .
Yeah . It is a deviated septum . The surgery to correct it is simple . He is gonna do it next week .
Yeah , back off , he is all mine .
Sheldon , it is a routine procedure , I have heard you complain about his snoring .
Sheldon , I am gonna get the surgery , it is no big deal . End of story .
Thank you .
Okay .
I think you could give a better clue .
Okay , why ?
If it helps you sleep , then why are you sitting here staring at me like the albino boogeyman ?
What is your problem ?
It sounds like either way , I finally get some rest .
I told you , there is nothing to worry about .
Buddy , wh , do you realize that that also means 699 ,999 people do not die ?
Hey . What are you working on ?
Yeah ?
Great timing . My check sphincter light just went on .
I am not allergic to latex .
For the same reason I do not wear the apron or the hair net .
I do not have epilepsy , either .
Sheldon , do you realize that driving is riskier than surgery ?
Buddy , I , I get that you are worried about me and I , I appreciate that , but I am not going to die .
Well , I do know that it will not be from an asteroid strike .
If there was an asteroid strike , would not you die , too ?
Tell you what , the surgery is not for a week , I will think about it .
He was so busy figuring out how many parts per million of urine we had be floating around in , he did not even question it .
Do not worry about that . I am happy to take you to work .
It is nice they are getting exercise .
I am sure he brought it .
He probably got a new one . Finish your breakfast . Look , there is an entire section of my dashboard that does not have any syrup on it .
I am odd all the time , everyone knows that . Just last night I tried to see how many fava beans I could fit in my mouth .
Twenty eight .
Fifty six .
All right . Do not get upset , but , an earlier appointment opened up for Leonard and he is getting the surgery right now .
Just go to work , he will be fine .
Fine . It is sweet that you care about him so much .
We had a really nice swim .
‘Cause I am a liar , liar ?
He wore me down . And I was distracted , he has on extra baby powder today .
He is still in surgery .
Come on , let is talk about something other than the surgery .
I think she meant something a little happier .
Oh , it is nice you got him that .
Stubbed his toe on the revolving door on the way in .
Who told you to keep going around ?
Penny has a good point . This is like the man in the supermarket with the goiter on his neck . Whatever you are thinking , just keep it to yourself .
And I am sure he knew that before you held a grapefruit up next to it .
Okay , the reason he deceived you is you were being a pain in the ass .
Really ? You will not even say A ?
Obviously , I care about Leonard . I am gonna spend the rest of my life with him .
Sheldon , it was just a little tremor .
Sheldon , you ca not go back there .
Are you okay ?
Come on , smile . This is gonna be my Christmas card .
How is it my fault ?
Okay , first of all , the surgery was a success , and secondly , I did not even want you there .
Sheldon , I am sorry I did not tell you about the surgery , but you were worried about nothing .
Yeah , once he figures out how to work a door .
You were so worried that you smashed your face trying to check on me . You love me .
Oh , what had you get ?
Okay , that is morbid . Send it back .
Hey , why did you get two ? I am with stupid .
I know I was thinking that . Is this a show on flags or mind reading ?
And he really does have one , you jerks on the comment board .
After only 232 episodes .
You said you were not gonna bring that up .
That was a good one .
Oh . We were just talking about how much we love working with you . Is not that right ? Dan ?
And , yes , even shed a tear or two .
How many times do I have to say I am sorry ?
Australia , mate .
Say , Betsy Ross , what you working on ?
Then who did sew it , hmm ?
I do .
Wow , that flag is a lifesaver .
Action .
Thank you , Sheldon . Now , remember our deal .
While ?
Great . Happy to be back .
Oh , hell , no .
Even though your dress is ugly .
Take that , glass ceiling .
Cut . Sheldon , that was beautiful .
Hey .
How come you are up so late ?
Mm . I know how you feel . I spent the day throwing out a man is entire career , and all that is left is an old bottle of champagne and a naked lady pen that Raj took when he thought no one was looking .
Sad ?
Yeah . What did they say ?
Congratulations .
Sheldon , that was not for you .
Ugh . What are you doing here ?
Wil Wheaton said , get a gate . I do not know why I did not get a gate .
Yeah , she works at a law firm in New York .
I have always wanted to do a traditional Victorian Christmas . Parlour games , goose and figgy pudding .
You are going .
I do not hate you . I love you .
Here comes Santa Claus , here comes Santa Claus , right down Santa Claus Lane . Vixen and Blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins .
Bells are ringing , children singing , all is merry and bright . So hang your stockings and say your prayers ’cause Santa Claus is coming tonight . Why had you turn it off ?
Maybe you had like it more if you thought of Santa as a superhero and his power is bringing joy to children .
Okay , new subject . Let is talk about presents . What did you get Amy ?
Come on , Sheldon , you have to get her something .
She is just excited about the holidays .
How ?
What ?
Yeah , you are gonna have to walk me through that .
Then you are both sad ?
So your evil plot here is to buy your girlfriend a present ?
What about that sweater ?
I think the nicest gifts I have got from Howie show how well he knows me .
Wow , you really do love her .
All right , let me see if I have got this straight . A picture of you on my lap is a way to punish your girlfriend for making you celebrate Christmas ?
Santa thinks dating you may be punishment enough .
Mmm . Amy , that pudding was delicious .
Thank you . And it is figs .
Oh , you Heimliched a ball of wool out of me ; you are good .
I thought you hate giving gifts .
You got me something ?
Look at you on Santa is lap . That is so sweet .
No , I love it .
Actually , I did get you something .
Well , you got me something . Here .
They are your Meemaw is Christmas cookies . I called and got the recipe .
Merry Christmas , Sheldon .
One person is sent out of the room while the others hide a small item . Then they invite the first person back by saying hot boiled beans and bacon for supper , hurry up before it gets cold .
Well , I had like to be green , but you know you always take it .
Blue and yellow make green .
Hi . Ready to go ?
Sheldon , we said that we would play games with you tonight .
I do not want to spend the whole day playing a board game .
No . We are always doing what you guys want . Just once , it had be nice if you did something we wanted .
Sheldon ?
Thank you .
You were , but somehow I held myself back .
Now you are helping them find ways to make us miserable ?
Ooh , the philharmonic is playing Beethoven downtown .
Ah , interesting , we are being accused of making you do things you do not like , and here you are , doing the same thing to poor Amy .
That is what I was doing .
All right , keep thinking .
Well , yeah .
It does , somehow he managed to take all the fun out of it .
This is not so bad .
You guys comfy ? This might take a while .
No , you are right , we should do what you do . Have our mom send us pants from the Walmart in Houston .
Uh , I have got some bad news . There is no cell service in here .
That is true .
Sheldon , it is fine .
Okay . And to defend , I roll two sixes . I win .
I do not know , but the girls do a lot for us . It is the least we can do .
Look at you , being all mature .
I , I am sorry ? You make compromises for me ?
On Earth ? In our lives ? That , that , that we are living ?
That is not a compromise . A compromise is me driving you everywhere because you refuse to learn how .
What ? Then . then why do not you do it ?
Well , you named it .
Is it my turn to talk about the compromises I make ?
Because of you , I am not allowed to adjust the temperature in my own home . I am not allowed to whistle . I do not wear shoes that might squeak .
Sheldon , do you realize I do not live with the woman I love because of you ? No other reason . Just you .
Yes , it is true . The last time I brought it up , you had an emotional breakdown and got on a train and ran away .
You have no idea how much you inconvenience the lives of everyone around you . It is exhausting .
Sheldon , I , I am sorry if I hurt your feelings . I have been holding a lot of this in for a while .
Do you mean that ?
Come on , do not get upset .
Sheldon .
I am not leaving your world . I am just talking about living across the hall .
Are you crazy ? You know he is a flight risk .
Sheldon , we know this is a sensitive subject , and Leonard is not gonna move out until you are ready .
All right . How about we start with two nights a week I live with Penny ?
Okay .
You got it .
Sheldon , that really is an excellent basket .
Yeah , it looks great .
Yeah , I am proud of him , too .Leonard : Okay , we are headed out , see you later .
Yeah , sure .
Ooh , and one time when you were asleep , Amy totally took off her… and that is why you are the best roommate ever .
So what do you need the headphones for ?
Yeah , have fun .
Bye .
Hey , we are home . Any progress ?
What are you doing ? It is time to go .
Ah , you are upset because you spent the whole night working on dark matter and did not make a breakthrough , and now you are worried you made a huge mistake switching fields , and you are gonna sit around and sulk all day ?
Call me if you need anything .
Ugh ! Ugh ! Ugh ! Ugh !
Ugh !
Ugh !
Ugh , what ?
Oh , I am just doing this awful workout . I hate it .
I do not know , I guess I like that I hate it . It makes me work harder .
The exercise , Sheldon . Should not you be getting ready for work ?
Uh , you are sad about not getting anything done last night , so you are gonna sit around and pout about it ?
Ooh , Emily . I heard him say that to Emily . Hey , I thought you were staying home .
What do you mean ?
Hold on . What is in it for us ?
33 seconds . Okay , that will be our baseline .
It also gets its brain plucked out with tweezers .
All right , next , we are gonna introduce an anxiety inducing stimulus , measure your stress levels and see how it affects your problem solving rate .
Ready ? Begin . Why had you pop it ?
Look , I know you do not like it , but that is the point of the experiment . I need to irritate you to find your optimal anxiety zone . And you said no to tickling , polka music or watching me eat a banana .
My mother said that is how good girls do it .
Sheldon , you are a remarkable scientist . Just be patient , I am sure you will find the breakthrough you have been looking for .
And if you only do solid research instead of making a groundbreaking discovery , what does it matter ?
Look , your anxiety levels are right in the zone .
Because you are happy they are elevated .
That is a tough one . Uh , I know he brushes both of them .
So you just want us to disagree with whatever you say ?
And you think that is going to help ?
Well , I do not think that is gonna help at all .
Howard is right , that will never work .
I do not think that is what you want at all .
Because it is what you want , and it is not what you said .
Yes , we can .
Nah .
Really ? Want to go to Hawaii ?
Come in .
What is up ?
What exactly do you think goes on here ?
We were talking about Penny is job .
Sheldon , we are just people . We talk about the same things you guys talk about .
Well , they are not a hundred percent wolf . They are a werewolf , that is only part wolf . It is like comparing apples to oranges .
What is going on ?
Well , at least listen to it through headphones . I am trying to sleep . Good night .
You have been working so much lately , I am glad you did not forget about date night .
Sheldon .
Maybe you want to put the notebook away and talk to me .
Fine . How was your day ?
Sheldon . Sheldon , I am worried about you . You are not eating , you have not slept in days , and , to be honest , that cap is starting to smell .
You did not have to scoop vomit out of your glove compartment .
Sheldon , I want you to take that cap off .
I am sorry , but you know we agreed not to bring work to date night .
Sheldon , stop it , I am not kidding . Take the cap off , and put the notebook away .
You do not need to drive yourself crazy in order to be productive .
That is not true .
Sheldon , this has to stop . You need to get some sleep and take care of yourself .
Your thoughts and ideas come from you , not from your anxiety .
It is one thing to make yourself miserable , but you are making everyone around you miserable , too . Now , I am telling you for the last time , take the cap off .
Yeah , well , women , what are you gonna do ?
Here we are .
You lie down , he will be here in a minute .
Now , you just get comfortable .
Yeah , you get some sleep .
You are right , we ca not .
Little ball of fur .
You look like you got some rest .
Yeah , no problem .
Which means a spherical multidimensional superfluid shows the same negative energy density as space time . So what do you think ? What do you think ? So what do you think ?
What ? Is it wrong ? Have you seen it somewhere else ?
I know this is not my area , and I could never do the math like you can , but could this be something ?
No one told you to taste them . Come on , is , is this good or not ?
Really ?
You do ? You are not messing with me ?
You are giving me a sticker ?
I am not a preschooler .
You are still awake ?
You worked out all the math .
You wrote a paper on my idea ?
When did my idea become our idea ?
This is good . Our idea is really good .
You know , if no one is thought of this , yet , this could be a big deal .
Wow , it is all happening so fast . Should we just sleep on it ?
You are sure it is good ?
Okay , partner , let is do it .
Well , we did it .
Is your tongue blue ?
Sheldon , this is superfluid helium . Put this in your mouth , your tongue will freeze and break off .
No .
Let me see , let me see . One calls it insightful and innovative . We are insightful and innovative .
Oh , the pleasure is mine , Mr . Innovative . Uh , another one says the concept shows some real out of the box thinking . Do you hear that , Mr . Out Of The ?
Just dandy , Mr I Wish I Was Better At Improv .
Okay , okay . Uh , the analogy between space time and a supercooled fluid is either meaningless or false . I wish this blog would devote itself to real science instead of wasting our time with crackpot wannabe theoreticians in a rush to publish .
It is anonymous , and user name General Relativity .
Uh , do not lower yourself to their level .
Sheldon , my name is on that paper , too . There is no upside to doing this .
Upon review , I have changed my mind about the Cooper Hofstadter hypothesis that space time is like a superfluid . In fact , it is inspired me to come up with my own theory . Maybe space time is like two clowns with their heads in a bucket , much like Cooper and Hofstadter .
Do it .
Did he respond yet ?
Read it back one more time .
And you do not think that is too rough ?
You know , there was a time when I was alone and had no friends . I am starting to miss that .
Do you really want him to write back ?
No . You have to read it how Dr . Angus McDougal of the University of Edinburgh would . This wee li’l bairn of a theory nearly blew me kilt off .
Guys , this person is just going out of their way to get a rise out of you .
See ? Better with the accent .
What did you write ?
What does that mean ?
Come on , Sheldon !
Well , I think the anonymity makes everyone feel like they can say things they had never say to your face .
You know what ? At least you guys did something . You know , you , you had a theory , you wrote a paper , you made an actual contribution . All guys like this do is just stand on other people is work .
All right , do it . Call him . Let is find out what this loser is ever accomplished .
Well , hello there .
I like your paper very much . The premise is intriguing .
Stephen Hawking liked our paper . Said the premise is intriguing .
So , tell me , Cooper , are the ways of physical love different in the future ?
Sure .
How many ?
Is that really true ?
Hey , sowwy to intewupt .
Did you know Edison did not actuawy invent the wight bulb ?
Well , that is fascinating . I ca not wait to read it .
Anyway , thanks again . Cooper , suck eggs .
Well , I had been thinking about a cellular automata approach to neuronal connectivity , and I thought it might have some interesting applications to string theory , it is not a big deal .
I did . You said the only math biologists know is if you have three frogs and one hops away , that leaves two frogs .
Sheldon , we are all scientists . I helped out a fellow colleague . You are being petty .
Hey .
You okay ?
What is going on ?
Did she leave pit stains in your favourite crop top , too ?
Oh , that sounds like a good thing .
I am sorry I did not have a camera .
Well , I am sure she did not upset you on purpose . Besides , are not you the one who says there is nothing more important than the advancement of science ?
All right , well , if I am understanding this right , and all she did was help out another scientist , I am thinking you might have to let this one go .
I do not know what to tell you . I mean , why do not you talk to her ?
Well , you could shove them somewhere .
Mmm , when really we are just exiting an uncomfortable situation .
No .
I do not know , just think about something else .
Sure .
You know , some people try visualization .
Okay , imagine your problems are a pen .
Now imagine you are holding that pen .
Now open your hand and let it go .
Sheldon , this is not that hard .
How ?
What ? She did not give me any puzzles .
Son of a bitch .
I ca not believe you were testing me against a chimp .
Why would she even do this ?
Make this interesting ? You bet money on me ?
It is not interesting . It is incredibly insulting .
Oh , my , that is it . Get out .
Get out .
What ?
Sheldon , open the door .
I just saw you .
Really ? You could not get it out ?
That is not true .
Can you please just let it go ?
I do not know .
Not right now , Sheldon .
No , it is okay . What ?
Do not take this away from me .
If you want , I can yell at you later .
And then they finish it off by staring into each other is eyes for four minutes .
Oh , careful . You are poking at the whole foundation of The Bachelor .
No .
Forget it .
Why do not you just do the test ?
What ? You are okay with an experiment where you have to answer awkward questions about your innermost feelings ?
That is what I said . Before I knew it , he pontificated his way right into my heart .
You know what ? I can honestly say if we fall in love , not only will I drive you there , I will buy you all the dragon T shirts you want .
The world is greatest mom is in the shoe compartment .
Yup . Be right there . I assume you do not want wine .
What heavy machinery ? Let is just start .
Question one . Given the choice of anyone in the world , whom would you want as a dinner guest ?
Just says anyone in the world . I guess that means living .
You sure that is your choice ? ‘Cause I have had that dinner .
Robert Downey , Jr .
Oh , so kind of like what is happening with Penny right now .
Uh , well , I had probably sleep in , do a little yoga , then lie on the beach while cute cabana boys brought me drinks and probably get a massage and then cap off the night with some dancing .
Yeah , why ?
He is there .
Yeah , well , he brought a book , okay ? What is yours ?
Interesting , you did not mention Amy .
I am sorry . W , would 500 frequent flyer miles help ? That could get you to Sacramento .
Well , not to steal from the Bible , but turning water into wine sounds pretty good .
Come on , I am just having some fun with you .
Fine . Honestly , if I could have one quality , I wish I could be as smart as you guys .
Well , I ca not read people is minds . Actually , that is not true , I can read men is minds , but only ’cause it is usually the one thing .
You are all alike .
Really ? You always seem so confident .
Well , now I wish I had the ability to make that stuff easier for you .
Wow , I just felt this wave of affection for you .
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone , what would you most regret not having told someone ?
Today is your birthday ?
Well , that is always been a secret . Not even Amy knows .
So , why did you finally tell me ?
Well , thank you for sharing it with me . I will not tell anyone .
That is so funny . I never would have pegged you for a Pisces .
Oh , no . That thing is gonna end up in my bedroom .
All that is left to do is stare into each other is eyes for four minutes without talking .
You ready ?
And begin . This is kind of creepy .
Sorry .
Do you want to stop ? I know you have trouble with eye contact .
Aw , sweetie , I am comfortable around you , too .
I meant more like a little brother .
It is getting creepy again .
Just thinking about the day I met you and Leonard .
Can you believe it is been eight years ?
I ca not remember a time you guys were not in my life .
That is it . That was not so bad .
Well , maybe . But I am still glad we did it . I do feel closer to you .
Like what ?
I just want to make sure you get there safe .
Hi .
Okay .
Okay .
This is why I have been saying we should keep champagne on ice .
Yes .
Thank you . Acquiring a joint pet is a big step for us .
Why a turtle ?
For Halloween , we can dress him as a cobblestone .
Well , her torso is . Just kidding . I put her in a wood chipper .
It is okay . You made it . We are fine .
Let is forget about them , and pick ourselves out a nice turtle . Oh , how about this one up on the log ?
Well , he is barely moving . He looks half dead .
But that is not your fault . Like you , we are taking it ridiculously slow . You will stay with me when he is at Comic Con or away for work .
What are you talking about ?
You applied for a mission to be a colonist on another planet , and could not be bothered to tell me ?
Of course not .
Yeah . You get the paint , I will rest for 30 to 40 minutes , and then we do this .
No one told you to poke the turtle is face .
I am surprised you even care if he likes you , since you are planning on leaving the planet the first chance you get .
Sheldon , I know the odds of you even going to Mars are incredibly small , but it still hurts that you would volunteer for something that would take you away from me forever .
I would at least mention it before filling out the application .
And who says you could even survive an interplanetary mission , anyway ? You could barely survive a tiny turtle bite .
You know what ? Go to Mars , Sheldon .
No . Forget it .
Please do not .
Did that feel good ? You feel like a big man now ?
Why do you even want to do this ?
Ca not you just tell me ?
But on a more serious note , the most important reason I want to go to Mars is that I believe , as a scientist , it is my duty to push the boundaries of human knowledge forward . Now , I know that life on Mars will be difficult . But life here on Earth is no picnic . Also , picnics are no picnic . Where should we go for lunch ? Oh , I know , the ground . In conclusion , thank you for considering me for this journey of a lifetime . To Mars .
I think I am gonna go home .
You know , Sheldon , at any other time , learning that you had plans to go live on Mars would be a slow news day . But a couple of hours ago , we were getting a turtle . And silly as it sounds , I thought that meant something .
Sure . Unless something better comes along .
What I want is for us to be planning our future together .
We are on the same planet .
Are you asking me to go to Mars with you ?
Okay . I suppose being the first people on a new planet would be incredibly exciting .
You know , we could also be the first people to procreate on Mars .
Think about it . If we had a family there , our kids would be Martians .
I guess we will have to make a new video together , as a couple .
I promise . Why , what is in there ?
I had say I am sorry I asked , except I did not .
Oh , let me see .
Sheldon , this article does not mention Leonard at all .
It only refers to Dr . Cooper and his team . Did you even talk about him ?
Poor Leonard .
He might not be .
Think about it . How would you feel if you were referred to as part of Leonard is team ?
So you see what I am getting at ?
No .
Try again .
Leonard is as much a part of this paper as you are , and he was overlooked . He is going to feel bad .
Remember that time you did not get picked to pull the sword out of the stone at Disneyland and they let that other kid do it ?
Exactly .
Yes . It reminds me of us eating out and her saying quick , nobody is looking , fill your pockets with ketchup .
Yeah .
Actually , your name is on the electric bill .
I do not even know what you are talking about and I agree .
What is going on ?
Did they hate it ?
So what is the problem ?
Sheldon .
Really ?
Uh , that , that is not necessary .
Cooper and his team ?
Uh , at least they are talking about the theory . I mean , that is what is important .
That is not helping .
Baby is listening .
What ?
What happened ? Did you tell him it was my idea ?
Thank you . What did he say ?
You know , for an extra four bucks , I can have this thing here tomorrow .
If you are trying to make me feel better , it is not working .
No .
Well , that is an important part .
But Leonard is idea was good .
And that is why you get an iPad helicopter .
It is not your fault .
Not your fault .
And there goes the mood .
Subtle .
Fine .
All these bright people sitting around a table by candlelight . Feels like we could be an 18th century French salon .
Sheldon , The View is a daytime talk show hosted by women .
Okay , new salon topic . Salons , dumb thing from a long time ago or interesting thing made dumb by talking about superheroes ? Discuss .
Oh , that is fine .
Well , I guess , as an engineer , I lean towards execution . I spend my days trying to take ideas and make them real .
Oh , now he is a genius ? All you ever do is make fun of him and engineering .
You are being ridiculous .
Guys , if I wanted to hear people be bitchy , I had go to my real salon .
Lots of people also did not have that idea , like everyone in the entire world except for me .
And girls .
So I am just supposed to be okay with you hogging all the credit ?
Hey . Sheldon , Leonard , living room , right now !
It is why my people wandered the desert for 40 years . Took that long to walk it off .
Right now , I am just trying to burp without throwing up .
Who cares ? Did they mention Leonard ?
Good news , I found more Tums .
Oh , I like to laugh . But say it anyway .
Are you all set for your trip ?
Public restroom kit . Everything a boy needs for making pee pee in new and strange places .
Keep going .
If it is half as much fun as One Times Ten to the Fourth Bottles of Beer on the Wall , I am in .
That soy Frappuccino I had .
I do not know , um , if 65 billion solar neutrinos pass through a square centimetre every second , given the surface area of this car is about 60 ,000 square centimetres , that means 3 .9 times ten to the 15th solar neutrinos ?
We have not been on a road trip in a while . This is fun .
No , listen , we wrote a paper together . Now we get to go to a university and talk about it ? That is pretty cool .
What ? This road trip just got crazy .
I am surprised you know that reference .
Of course .
Yes .
Sure .
It could be .
Exactly .
Making great time . Gonna be there pretty early .
I doubt it .
If we do , we will just tell him to hit the bricks , see ?
Oh , that is true . It is not like we can get in there .
I do not think George Lucas put his headquarters in the middle of nowhere because he wanted people dropping in .
We do have time . I mean , we could drive by and just look at it .
I am about to lose control , and I think I like it .
If you still have that bra , I will give you a nickel for it .
Was not even that hard to find .
I know . You want to get a picture ?
Well , so do I , but they will never let us .
No , but I do not have three years to make that gate feel sorry for me .
Okay , yeah . What do we have to lose ? I am a little nervous .
Right .
Um , uh , uh , uh , we do not have an appointment , and , and we do not belong here , but we , we are , like , crazy big fans . I mean uh , buh , buh , crazy for Star Wars crazy , not crazy like we have a backpack full of duct tape , although we do have a backpack that you really do not want to look in .
We are trying to get past a security guard , not rescue Zelda .
Uh , I am just gonna be honest with the guy .
Well , what is your plan ?
Uh , I am just gonna tell you the truth .
Sorry , guys , we get this a lot . Ca not let you in .
Thank you so much . See ? Maybe honesty is the best… What are you doing ?
Copy .
So did I .
I do not know . Maybe they will call Imperial Officers to take us to a holding cell on the Death Star .
Uh huh , I am normally very nice , but you shut up , too .
Honestly , I just wanted to meet Mr . Lucas and say thank you . You know , growing up , the movies had such an impact on my life . I never really fit in anywhere . Till I discovered the worlds he created and finally found a place where I belong .
Oh , I , uh , I hopped a fence , and they caught me in the sculpture gallery making out with a Chewbacca statue .
No , you are not going anywhere , kissy face . Let is go . I have to take your picture to post at the guard gate .
If this does not get him into your bedroom , nothing will .
Yes , we missed our lecture , we were almost arrested , and you got me locked in a room with a man who forced his tongue down the throat of a stuffed Wookiee .
The glass is empty , Sheldon . It is completely empty . If you gave that glass to a man who was dying of thirst , he would be dead , do you know why ?
Fine , then tell me how I should be looking at it .
That part was pretty good .
You did flop around a lot .
You know , when they were escorting us to the detaining room , I looked through a door , and I am pretty sure I saw a display case with the Ark of the Covenant .
I know .
I guess this could count as an adventure .
I am sorry , do you mean the guy or the juy ?
Something happened different from the way you wanted it .
Yeah , I bet you anything it is just ’cause you are a pain in the ass .
Look , you can spend the rest of the day being bitter about this .
Can you please pass the salt ?
Is this how the rest of the night is going to be ?
No , Sheldon .
According to the codicil of the Relationship Agreement which you insisted upon , we are not allowed to pout or be moody on date night .
Well , it applies to you , too .
Stay out of it , Kevin Smith .
Probably not . It is an evolutionary advantage to be included in group activities .
Being left out is a terrible feeling . No one understands that better than I do .
When there was a lice epidemic at my school , everybody got it except me . I tried to fool everyone by sprinkling sugar in my hair , but I just got attacked by bees .
And at the same time , not .
You know , there is nothing I can do about getting you invited to the symposium , but if you wanted , we could build a fort .
More juvenile than this ?
How is it going , Sheldon ?
Can I come in ?
Amazing .
What are we doing ? This is a fort . Let is sit on the floor .
You are my brother .
I had say , Knox over Ticonderoga , ’cause it is got the gold .
And McBlanket over Sumter ’cause it has a higher thread count . Oh . Ten o’clock . Date night is over .
We both know this one is gonna win .
Come on , I will help you take this down .
Well , as long as we are suspending the parameters , I could stay really late and we could have our first sleepover .
It is a big fort .
PG . Some scenes may be too intense for younger viewers .
You got yourself a sleepover .
Would it alarm you to know that I hid those things here two years ago just in case this ever came up ?
Hello ? What is this ?
Okay . Well , you kids have fun . I am gonna go to sleep .
Yeah , I am good .
Okay , fine . Sheldon , may I please visit your fort ?
Okay , have a seat on the floor .
Yeah . Well , I like music , I like science , I like making fun of Sheldon . Hit it .
Uh , okay , okay . Uh , we , we get it .
That is pretty cool , Sheldon .
Hey .
Oh . When I encountered alien life , I discovered that the key thing was not to sit in its spot .
Anyway , I am among a handful of scientists that have been asked to submit a design proposal for the message and its delivery system .
Are you kidding ? Yes . What did you have in mind ?
Yeah , absolutely . You need a device capable of delivering information across a wide range of perceptual modalities .
Sheldon .  Sheldon .  Sheldon .
Yeah , I kind of want to do it again .
Uh , no , I actually came to talk to you .
No , no . It is about my acting career .
Well .
Okay , look , here is the thing . I like pharmaceutical sales , it is going great , but I have an audition for a movie , and if I get it , it could screw everything up .
Well , why ?
You are really not gonna tell me ?
There is my big s man .
Okay . Sheldon , let me ask you a question .
If I was at a train station and one train could take me to my current job and the other train could take me to an audition for a movie , which train should I get on ?
No .
Oh . You are right . I am worried about something that has not even happened yet . Huh . You are a wise man .
Oh , I guess you are right . Maybe it is the person who asks .
I am sorry . What was I thinking ?
‘Cause I already know what he will say . Wah , wah , wah , you should not do it .
Hang on . Not that your song is not terrible , it is . but how do you mention bats and leave out sonar ?
Well , well , well , did you hear that , Sheldon ?
We want you back on the project with us .
It was not , so are you in ?
Great . Now that we are all on the same page , let is get together tonight and work on it .
Okay , I think we should do it right now .
So , I had like to try a technique where no one gets steamrolled . When you talk , instead of bringing up a new idea , respect what was just said by building on it .
Hang on . Building on what Leonard said , no one built on what I said .
I saw the menu . They have soy cheese .
Yeah , you are missing the point , Sheldon .
The plaque they sent up on the Pioneer probe had a drawing of a naked man and woman on it .
Squeeze yourself .
Oh , you mean passive aggressive like posting pictures of you and your wife eating cosmopolitan balls that you know belong in my mouth ?
What about when we went to Comic Con and dressed like Jabba the Hutt ? You got to be Jabba is head , and I got to be his fat slug butt .
You know what ? You are right . I should have asked you .
Okay , and if we are talking about being left out of things , you guys went to Skywalker Ranch without us .
Wait a minute . Sheldon spent a whole day with James Earl Jones and never told any of us .
Sheldon , you are not in charge . Raj is in charge .
He is right . If you think about it , we are all in charge .
Uh , yeah , I just need to throw in a few last minute things , you know , makeup , underwear , clothes .
Nope . It is pretty exciting .
How would I be blinded ?
I will take my chances .
With a beautiful girl on your arm .
Okay , the WiFi extender is on , the camera is on , they are both on the same network . We should be getting an image .
Maybe we should recalibrate it .
Step one , rapidly flip the calibration switch from the fully up to the fully down positions for at least ten times .
Yeah .
Sheldon .
Just flip the switch until the lights on the drone change to solid yellow .
Now I rotate it horizontally on its centre axis until the lights turn green .
It means the calibration failed . We have to start over .
No red and yellow , no red and yellow .
It is green .
Okay , now all I have to do is rotate it vertically until the lights turn off .
Oh . All right , playtime is over . Let is open this baby up .
Boy , oh , boy , that is a lot of pieces .
Yes , of course .
Well , I , how familiar are you with miniaturized integrated logic circuits ?
That right there is a miniaturized integrated logic circuit .
I am an MIT trained engineer . I have built components for the space station .
Hey .
I have to return the helicopter . My father… What did you do ?
No , you have to put this back together right now , so I can return it .
What ?
Okay , I think I have narrowed it down to a faulty pin on the onboard communication chip .
One toy at a time .
Suicide .
It is not about the money . It is about solving a problem . It is why I became an engineer . It is what I like to do , it is what I am trained to do . It is who I am .
Hey .
Ha ha .
All right , the power supply is reconnected . I think we are back in business . Let is just run a few tests before we take it outside . Sheldon , we got WiFi ?
Battery charged ?
Four , three , two , one .
What happened to me ? When did I become an old man baffled by modern technology ? Next thing you know , I will be hitching my pants up to my armpits and complaining about the awful music the kids are listening to .
Well , I am not flying it .
I do not know . Must be getting a WiFi signal from somewhere else .
Tech Support , can I help you ?
It is so nice both of your moms are coming in to see you guys get an award .
Sure , his mom gets roses . When I want them , they are a bouquet of severed plant genitals .
Uh , I do not know . They are pretty different .
Shelly , I am so proud of you and Leonard for getting this award .
I tried to read your paper , but it was very hard for me to understand .
Interesting . You can believe that , but God filling an ark with animals two by two is nonsense .
The floating bodies of drowned sinners , of course .
Are you ashamed of me ?
Hey , look who is here .
Likewise . I read your paper , it was very impressive .
That is so sweet , you think I have self esteem .
Oh , you mean this son . Uh , sure , he is terrific .
Calm down , dear . Mary , I am curious . When did you first realize that your son had such a remarkable mind ?
Well , I would have to say when he was 13 and tried to build a nuclear reactor in the tool shed .
Now , the first thing you have to know about Shelly is ever since he was a little boy , he was always concerned with the well being of others . And he did not think that it was fair for people to pay for electricity , so he was gonna power the entire town for free .
Oh , well . Oh , this is adorable . When he arranged to get some yellowcake from Chad , I thought he was talking about Twinkies from one of his friends .
Oh , he was a handful .
I do . And some of it is wool , so dry flat if possible .
You do not look very happy .
Shelly does not like change .
Sorry , I forgot .
Oh , lovely . Must have been very expensive .
We did not . That is not true . Can I speak to you alone for a second ?
It came from Tiffany is .
Really does not matter to me how much he spent on the ring . I think .
Yes , and we will get back to that . But , uh , even with your mother here , you are deliberately hogging all the attention from my mom . You are like one of those elephant seal pups that steals the milk from two mothers .
Yes , you are a super weaner .
Yeah , you are right . That is the term I am looking for . You are a dirty double mother suckler .
Why do not we all stop hitting ourselves and talk about something safe , you know , like shoes or how cute little Chinese babies are .
I am terribly sorry that I upset your mother .
I ca not help but notice how her unconditional love for you is diametrically opposed to my own parenting strategies .
But look how well you turned out .
I suppose .
Do you suppose you would have flourished more in a reward based environment ?
Leonard , I always made you earn my affection , but today I realize that there is more than one way to raise a child .
It is a hard knock life .Amy : Can you believe it is been five years since our first date ?
That is what you are thinking about ?
Are any of them me ?
What are you doing ?
I did not kill anything . You did , talking about your stupid TV show .
Really ? That is the commitment issue you are wrestling with ? Sheldon , do you understand the irony of your fixation on a man with super speed , while after five years all I can get out of you is a distracted make out session on a couch ?
Oh , sure , I had love to .
Hey .
Can it wait until I put a Band Aid on a goat bite ?
Oh , your buddy got mugged by some baby farm animals .
Mmm . So what do you need help with ?
Okay . Were you talking before she got upset ?
That is probably it . What had you say to her ?
And that made her angry ?
Well , Sheldon , when you are kissing a girl , she expects the attention to be on her .
I am gonna guess that your main concern is the time commitment of watching an entire season of a new show .
I get it . Smallville almost wrecked you .
Wait , what is wrong with you two ? He was talking about television during their date night .
Okay , see , that is even dumber than you wondering if being bitten by a goat would give you the powers of a goat .
Still have not heard from her ?
Hey , I do not think she is wrong about you going too slow in the relationship .
Yeah , you have been going out for years . You have not even slept together .
Uh , hello .
No . Sheldon , we are getting married .
Well , we will . We are just not in a rush .
We are gonna set a date .
Yeah .
You know , I can see why Amy is mad at you .
Not in a rush , busy with work…
It is not just the date . We have not talked about anything . Big wedding , small wedding , indoor , outdoor ?
Fine . I want to release butterflies .
Great .
Of ghosts , no . Of you , little bit .
Yeah , maybe it is good you got us talking about this stuff .
Uh , Sheldon , I think we are good for now .
Here we go again . Why is everyone so concerned with us setting a date ? We are committed to each other . We are happy . A ceremony is not gonna change anything .
Sheldon , I am not a whiner .
Yeah , but we will be old and gross together .
I am in . Let is do it .
Thanks .
Hello .
I have been thinking about them , too , Sheldon . Being your girlfriend is so challenging . Emotionally , physically . I have been incredibly patient for years .
Okay , well , this is not easy to say , because I love you , but I need some time to take a step back and re evaluate our situation .
I hope you understand .
Aw . That is exactly what you said the first time we slept together .  Oh , excuse me . Sheldon . Hey .
No . Why ?
Why not ?
What happened now ?
She did ?
No .
Buddy , I am so sorry . Is there anything I can do ?
Sheldon , uh , okay , just because you are going through this with Amy does not mean that all women are bad .
Amy , do not be like that .
Penny is on the phone with her .
She is upset . Look , it is gonna be a great wedding . Look at you in your little suit .
No , I think it is because we are eloping .
Oh . What are you doing here ?
Well , it is only been 11 hours .
Sheldon , when I am ready to talk , I will let you know .
Sure .
We are not back together .
If you must know , I am going to Howard and Bernadette is to watch the wedding .
There is no guy .
I am not gonna be alone . I will be with my friends .
Maybe because the two of us being there would make them feel awkward .
For God is sake , Sheldon , what are you doing ?
Sheldon , you being here might not be making things better .
We are good .
Did not even crack the top ten .
I am sure you guys will figure something out .
Sheldon , shh . The wedding is starting .
I am not taking sides .
No , we totally won .
It is because you are not giving me any space to think .
Amy .
Shelly ! How is my baby doing ?
Oh , what is going on ?
Oh , Shelly .
Well , let is not be hasty . Are you sure it is over for good ?
You want to tell me what happened ?
Good chance .
Well , honey , do not send it back yet . Your sister is married , and I am not letting your brother give my grandmother is ring to that whore he is dating .
Okay , listen , I may not have been entirely faithful , but you , you are not easy to lift .
I am not glowing . I am upset .
What is this ?
Oh . That is so sweet of you .
I am sorry to hear about you and Amy .
You know , it is bad enough what happened , but then he tried to hide the fact that he sees her all the time at the university .
Some girl named Mandy .
Yeah .
That is great .
That is ridiculous .
I am with Leonard .
Right ? I ca not believe Amy actually went through with it .
I told her to be true to herself and do what makes her happy .
Okay , look , it is not my fault that she thought you were a bad boyfriend .
Sheldon .
Sure .
Really ?
Sure , let is make it an even hundred .
I would not .
Well , I may be a man , but I think I am the one that screwed up on this one .
I figured that out .
Ca not believe I am spending my wedding night with you .
How am I supposed to sleep ? I have been married less than 24 hours , and my wife is not speaking to me .
Of course not .
Please , tell me how I can fix it .
You ca not be serious . ‘Cause I messed up and made out with a girl , you are gonna do the same with a random guy ?
What is happening ?
Sheldon , I do not think you understand how being broken up works . The only way I can sort through my feelings is if there is space between us . Every time I see you , it re traumatizes me . I go through the pain all over again .
What do you want ?
What baby ?
I am hanging up .
Sheldon , I am not doing Fun With Flags with you .
Because we are broken up .
No one is talking about Sonny and Cher .
Sheldon , this has to stop . I know it is hard . It is hard for me , too . But I have seen and talked to you more in the two days we have been broken up than in the last two months that we were together .
What are you doing here ?
And you did not do your compulsive knocking ritual so I would open the door .
Just give me the box .
Fine . My old scarf .
You mean the night that I went ice skating , and you stood at the rail googling the symptoms of hypothermia ?
Whose bra is this ?
It is Penny is .
Good bye .
Hey , uh , buddy , can we have some privacy ?
Okay , when I am done with him , I am gonna need more information .
Okay , look , I might be overreacting , but how am I supposed to get past this when I know tomorrow you are gonna go to work and see this woman ?
Wake up , wake up , wake up .
What ? Why ?
Uh , first of all , you made that guy cry .
I am not being weird . Am I being weird ?
Yeah , well , maybe she has interest in you .
Oh , me neither , not until just now .
I am gonna kill him .
Sheldon , I ca not believe you got us a wedding gift .
What is this ?
That is so great .
We ?
How dare you go on the Internet and say mean things about me and compare my genitalia to part of Czechoslovakia ?
I do not know what you were thinking , but take the video down now .
I only watched it because you e mailed it to me with the subject line this is gonna make you mad .
Sure . Hey , want to hear a fun fact about mustard ?
Yeah .
Well , you eloped and we did not get a chance to throw you a bachelor party , so there is a van downstairs and we are here to take you to a surprise location for the weekend .
Wow , okay .
Oh , not just him , you are coming , too .
And I told you he bit me .
Well , Sheldon , there is something about this van that you are going to find very interesting .
This van was owned and driven by your personal physics hero , Richard Feynman .
I bet he picked up a lot of cute grad students in this bad boy .
Fun , I have never been there .
What is wrong with Mexico ?
Okay , calm down . There is a theme to this weekend . We are going to Mexico in Feynman is van to stay at the vacation house Feynman bought with the money from his Nobel Prize .
Boy , that was a long night for me .
We do not have any of those .
If there was a hidden compartment , do not you think you had be stuffed in it by now ?
You do not need a yellow fever shot to go to Mexico .
Sheldon , can you believe that we are driving in a van that was owned by one of the greatest scientific minds of the 20th century ? It is like the Batmobile . If Batman was real and a physicist and his car was not cool .
Perhaps some of his mojo will rub off on us . Maybe between this and his beach house , we will be inspired to greatness .
Hey , I have to return this van . Keep your creative juices in your pants .
I think it is a tyre .
It is the tyre .
What ?
Every self respecting gentleman should know how in case he comes across a damsel in distress by the side of the road .
Yeah , this is nothing more than a physics problem .
Let is see , a lever , a lever .
No , it is too broad of a beam . You had need something more precise , like Superman is heat vision .
If you need a green hand , why not just use the Hulk ?
Guys , excuse me , not that calling one of the Avengers is not a perfectly reasonable choice , but we are scientists . Do not you think we can figure this out using actual science ?
They are basically pure hydrocarbons soaked in fat . Let is hope the lug nut expands .
We have plenty of food for the animals .
Yep . A six foot wiener in a Flash T shirt .
Scientific Principle : Accelerated Corrosion .
It is burning salsa . I am hoping the acidity and salinity combined with electricity will corrode the lug nut off .
Scientific Principle : Exothermic Reaction .
If it makes you feel any better , I pierced Amy is ears and her mom made her sit in my closet .
I spent the night in Mexico with Sheldon .
Oh , we are glad you had fun .
I still do not understand why you bought that pill caddie . You are a young man .
It is just where I need them . You know , she does not have a lot of closet space .
Uh , well , honey , you know , now that Leonard and I are married , it kind of makes sense that we actually live together .
Come on , buddy .
Sheldon , please , we already feel bad about this .
Of course .
Aw . I am honoured .
So , I am your seventh choice .
How can I help you ?
Well , why do not you look at this as an opportunity ? You had other roommates before Leonard . Maybe this is a chance to find someone new .
Hey . You know who would be the perfect roomie ?
Me , too . But I , uh , might have Lyme Disease .
I am proud of you . You are taking this really well .
Do I really have to do that now ?
It is harder than I thought .
That is how much we are gonna melt people is faces off .
Sure .
Is that supposed to be a joke ?
In general , would you say that you smell better , worse or the same as you do right now ?
I am not gonna be your roommate , Sheldon .
I am sure you will find somebody else .
I do not know how to help you . You know , feelings are a part of life .
I do not think that was the point of the movie .
Hey , we are going to dinner . You want to come ?
Hang on . Wait , you actually think it is 2003 ?
Hey , I know Sheldon is quirky , but he is also brilliant and insightful . I think calling him a weirdo is a little unfair .
Hey , we brought you Thai . Where is everything ?
I know what you are doing . You are trying to get attention so we will feel bad for you , but it is not happening .
Will you knock it off ? We are across the hall .
They are not saying that .
Buddy , I know me moving in with Penny feels like a big change , but it is not .
Okay , you do not know what is gonna happen .
Okay , look , we do not need to rush into anything . All right ? Maybe instead of Leonard moving in with me , we just leave things the way they are , and sometimes we will sleep over there , and sometimes we will sleep over here .
Well , it is not forever . It is just for a while . If you want , we can think of him like he is our dog .
Fine .
Oh , one sec .
The other day , when she tried to put that Fitbit on me and I ran away from her .
Are you ?
Look at all these activities the university has . Rock climbing club , archery , flag football .
I got a triple word score with a double letter Q . If that is not a time to bust out the scrabble dance , what is the point of having one ? Hey , Barry Kripke started a fencing club .
It is indoors , so no sunscreen .
No gym shorts that can be yanked down .
Preach .
What about a game of tag on a French schoolyard ?
I always wanted to be a swashbuckler when I was a kid .
Well , sowwy to disappoint you , but fencing is a sewious spowt . If you are not wiwwing to put in the effowt , you might as well just weave now .
Awwight . Let is begin with some fundamentals . This is the en garde position . Feet are in an L . Heels in a stwaight wine . Elbow is about a fist from the wib cage . Notice my dominant weg faces fowward .
What is wong , Cooper ?
When you are in a public restroom , which foot do you flush the toilet with ?
Good . The next move is called a wetweat . Step back . Back foot first , toe to heel . Fwont foot fowwows . On thwee .
Yes .
In fencing , we do not call it a stab . We call it a touch .
Look at us . We are like the Rockettes .
Oh , yeah , right . Sorry . My name is Puss in Boots . You killed my father . Prepare to die .
What ?
When was your honour insulted ?
My name is Darth Vader . I am your father . Prepare to die .
What is going on with Amy ?
Weawwy ? Good to know .
Oh . I hate to say it , but it sounds like he is interested in her .
Oh , buddy , I get that you do not like it , but it is not really up to you .
Look , even if it is not him , Amy is probably going to date someone at some point .
Of course . She deserves to be happy .
Listen , I should warn you that maybe asking Amy out is not a good idea .
And now the crazy version of what I just said .
And how are you gonna do that ?
You have had one wesson . I will destwoy you .
I am surprised you wanted to go to a sports bar , Sheldon .
Sheldon , instead of focusing on Amy dating other guys , maybe you should start thinking about dating another girl .
Why ? You never thought you had end up in a relationship , and then you met Amy . Maybe there is someone else out there for you .
Maybe you should consider women who are not in serious relationships with your closest friends ?
Whoa , whoa . Walking up to a strange woman in a bar usually does not work .
Oh , boy .
What ?
I do not know what that means .
I am married , and I am her grandmother .
Oh , I do not have to imagine it .
You are just sweaty from exercise .
Hello .
Yeah .
How have you been ?
How had that go ?
Well , actually , he , he already did .
I said no .
I did not know you were interested in dating .
Oh . Okay . Anyway , um , it is nice to see you . You look good .
What is up ?
What is going on ?
Just tell me .
Oh , well , that kind of stinks .
What are we going to do ?
I had love to , but we need liquid helium and our shipment is on back order for a month .
That shirt brings out the blue in your eyes .
Let is go check to see if the university has any helium in reserve .
Sowwy , there is a showtage . And what we do have I need for my quantum excitation study .
Yes .
What are you doing ?
Hell no .
Hey , people were still talking about that party on siete de Mayo .
Who is he ?
How does he get the helium ?
Maybe he is not for you .
Oh , hey . I just heard back from the liquid helium guy .
He is got what we need and can meet us tonight .
The man restocking the cereal shelves .
He handed you the box directly and called you Stretch .
Do you want liquid helium or not ?
Then I am going to tell him we are in .
We are just bending the rules a little . We have grant money to do the experiment , so we are going to spend it on the helium we need . It is not like when Dr . Goldfarb claimed he bought an electron microscope and he was really just keeping a Russian girl in an apartment in Van Nuys .
Sure . So , are we doing this ?
Remember ? Do not ask too many questions ?
A little , but if I may quote Einstein , the pursuit of science calls us to ignore the rules set by man .
Done .
Before I answer , may I just say your skin has never looked better .
That must be him .
Uh , I am Leonard . This is my friend…
Uh , yeah , uh , right here .
What ya doing , Skippy ?
Oh , how do I know you are not gonna drive away without paying me ?
Look , you can trust us . We are respected scientists .
Yeah , well , from my perspective , that is how you two appear to me .
Ah , no money , no helium . Seems we are at a , uh , stalemate .
Oh , whoa , whoa , how can it bea Mexican standoff ? Everybody knows you need three sides for that .
Hmm , I do not follow .
Is that a threat ?
Yeah , well , I know where you work , all right ? And if you mess with me , I will report you , then I will pound your asses into the ground .
Afraid so , Skippy .
Really ? What is the hypothesis ?
Okay , but now there is this Swedish team that read our paper and they are trying to beat us to our own discovery . We really need this helium .
Well , for the right amount of money , if you know where they live , there is , uh , plenty we could do about it .
You may want to leave the room .
Will you stop with that already ?
And tipping his hat to the cleaning lady did not do that ?
Let is just start the experiment .
We are not getting caught .
The dealer does not care , Kripke has no authority over us , and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot . Help me hook this up .
What ?
What is it ?
It is probably USC or UCLA .
Let is not jump to conclusions . A lot of things start with U .
Yeah , well , normally I would not , but my daughter is having a sleepover , and there is only so much screaming and Katy Perry a man can take .
No , nothing . We just changed our mind .
But you ai not getting your money back .
No problem , but I am gonna have to charge you a small helium restocking fee .
He wants more money .
That is exactly how much it is .
Damn it .
Is Ernest Goes to Jail the only prison movie you have seen ?
But you have to add my name to your paper .
Take your time . I will walk out backwards for dwamatic effect .
It says right here on Wikipedia . A Mexican standoff is a confrontation between at least three parties .
They should have used among , right ?
All right , enough with the chitchat . Are we gonna watch Ernest Goes to Jail or not ?
You tell me , you woke up in bed with one .
Why is he writing to you ?
Oh . Hey , high five .
Yes . Do not take your shirt off just because the director said so .
Nice to meet you .
All right , we are just gonna have a conversation . Pretend the camera is not here .
Let is start with your name and occupation .
And what is your earliest memory of the character Spock ?
What was it about Spock that appealed to you ?
Do you have any Spock collectibles ?
Can we see the napkin ?
When did we get a wall safe ?
When did we get a floor safe ?
There is a security camera ?
Oh , my God . We have done things on that couch .
When is your visa up ?
Um , does not Adam count as Leonard Nimoy is DNA ?
Okay , enough about the napkin . What else you hiding in there ?
I would .
You have a will ?
Oh , what is that ring box ?
You bought her a ring ?
Sheldon , that is awful .
Okay , back to the ring . Does Amy even know about this ?
Oh , man , I am sorry , that must have been devastating for you .
Did you find that helpful ?
What about from when you were a kid ?
Did it work ?
That must have been very upsetting for you .
Oh pfft .
I am sorry . I am not here .
I am just saying , you pretend you do not , but you have feelings just like everybody else .
Sweetie , you are yelling .
Yeah .
Hey , buddy . How you doing ?
Yeah .
Definitely .
Nirsh .
What are you gonna do ?
Because she feels . I do not . All I know is logic .
Well now instead of idolizing fictional characters , you can focus on the real people who are already in your life .
Oh , I do not want credit for that .
You are in a good mood .
What brought this on ?
And you do not want to make the same mistake with the next woman .
Hey , I made French toast sticks .
Ah , I also made oatmeal .
So what is up ?
You sure you are up for that ? She did hurt you .
Hey , the jaw wants what it wants .
But what are you looking for ?
Is not that a little unreasonable ?
I think the quickest way to find you a new girlfriend is just to get you on every dating Web site out there .
And you are afraid it will do a better job than you ?
If you do not want to use dating Web sites , what do you suggest ?
You seriously think women would fight for you ?
Well , he is smart , he is a respected scientist .
I have an idea . What if we put a post on Craigslist that says world class Caltech physicist seeking girlfriend . If interested , solve the following puzzles for a chance to meet him .
But you are curious about aluminium cans ? You are a weird little guy .
This is exciting .
Then using that number as the average speed to calculate the travel time from Mordor to the Shire .
Well , if she can solve them , it will prove she is intelligent , tenacious and so socially awkward she has nothing better to do on a Saturday night .
37 minutes left until the deadline .
Not as fun as the night we blew up grapes in the microwave . We really have led full lives .
Maybe you do not want someone exactly like you . You know what they say , opposites attract .
Sixty seconds . This is not looking good .
Forty five .
Thirty seconds .
What ?
You thought she was great in X Men .
Maybe she is waiting to show up at the last possible moment .
Answer it .
Um , are you the physicist that placed the ad on Craigslist ?
Hi . I am Vanessa Bennett . Sorry it took a while for me to get here . I was stuck in this boring symposium on atomic spectroscopy when I came across your ad , and it saved my night . The puzzles were , were really fun . I have never had to translate Klingon into ancient Sanskrit before .
Chija”e’vlKub je . Or , as they say in Sanskrit , Ahm asman matey bee ta teyva .
Anyway , I , I just , I knew I had to meet the person responsible for such a brilliant idea . And I do not need to tell you , there are not a lot of men who love physics , archaic languages and flags of the world .
How could you send her away ?
Here are some images of naked grandma butts .
And Raj and I are volunteering at the soup kitchen , feeding food to the homeless .
Hi , Sheldon . What is up ?
No one can go with you ?
Oh . Okay . Thank you .
Sheldon , I can tell you want to go , so if you had be comfortable with it , maybe we could go as friends .
Well it is Thanksgiving in an aquarium cafeteria , so I am gonna go out on a limb here and say yes . But if you mean between us , I think it will be fine .
See you then .
Did you know they served shellfish and eel at the very first Thanksgiving ?
Oh , look at us . Our last Thanksgiving as husband and wife .
Hi . Ready for the aquarium ?
If that makes you more comfortable .
No . You ?
I might go visit my aunt next week .
No , the one in Bakersfield .
It is not like I am expecting them to sing .
Are we done discussing the weather ?
Sheldon . We have known each other a long time . We are perfectly capable of having a conversation without relying on a list off the Internet .
I do not know . Just ask me whatever comes to mind .
Well , you did not read it right . The new Star Wars is coming . Gah .
No . It is okay . If we are friends , we should be able to talk about anything .
So , you had some questions about me seeing other people .
Go ahead .
Let is see . I have been on six dates with three different people . It was either for coffee or dinner . One I met at a bookstore and two I met online . I have not slept with anyone . The aquarium is 40 minutes away . And there is a baggie of Cheerios for you in the glove compartment .
I mixed them .
Just one . Are you doing okay ?
Good . I want you to be happy .
A partially eaten piece of pumpkin pie from a homeless shelter ? With Elon Musk , you bet I do .
You are just upset ’cause they ran out of Pilgrim hats .
Well , it would not be a holiday without you being mad at a baby .
Sure . What is it ?
So it is like Kiss , Marry , Kill .
It is a game where you are given three people and you choose which one you had kiss , marry , or kill .
Let is just play .
Hmm . Well , I would not fight the eel , because I know it can generate enough current to kill a horse . So I had eat the eel , fight the shrimp , and befriend the pufferfish , because it would be nice to have company on those days I feel bloated .
Thank you . Okay , your turn . Hmm . Seal , hagfish , SpongeBob SquarePants .
But you can pal around with a hagfish ?
Is not that gross ? I mean , a hagfish can produce enough mucus to fill a bucket in a minute .
I miss this .
I am glad you had a nice time with Amy .
Well , I have never been friends with any of my exes .
Hi , Sheldon . I am just driving home from my mother is .
I did . Um , listen , I really enjoyed spending this morning with you .
It was . Uh , listen , I , I was thinking that , um , maybe I am ready to be your girlfriend again .
We are . But I was hoping , maybe…
Okay . I understand .
Since when do you hum songs ?
You were just humming .
How does your brain feel about calculating the surface tension of the domain walls ?
Whatever . Can we just get back to this ?
It is just an earworm . It will come to you .
Yeah . So you have a song stuck in your head . It happens to everybody .
I told you if we were patient , he had figure it out for himself .
Hey , sweetie , why do not you take a break and do something else for a while ?
Okay , great . What is it ?
I will pay a thousand dollars to watch you cut footloose .
Oh , yeah , he got a tuba .
Hey , can we please get back to work ?
All right , just stop . This is ridiculous .
Thank you .
Yeah . Well , let is change the subject . No more mentions of you know who . That is a cool train . Where did you get that ?
That is a trick question , right ?
Yup , she is right . For every Newton who had a psychological issue , there is an Edison who was just a jerk . That could totally be you .
Maybe he just had bread in his pocket .
No , never heard of ’em !
Do you even like the Beach Boys ?
Well , now that you can focus again , what do you say we get back to surface tension of domain walls ?
Why ?
Okay , look , I know Amy is like an old lady , but she is not old enough to have a song from the sixties written about her .
She did soften your life , did not she ?
You know , I am just being silly . I , I do not know what I am waiting for .
Sheldon , this , this is not a good time .
If I may , I believe what he is saying , in a charming and delightful way , is that he loves you and wants you back . Dave Gibbs , huge fan of your work . Do not mind me .
No , it , it , it is okay . Keep going ?
I really want that , too .
Kiss her , you brilliant fool .
Guys , tickets already went on sale .
No , it is Steel Magnolias 2 : Even Steelier .
What are we gonna do ? !
Got ’em .
I am really happy you and Amy are back together .
I am also really happy , but I ca not pretend it is for you . New Star Wars in three days .
Uh , sweetie , you do realize Thursday is Amy is birthday .
I think Penny has a point . You can see it another day .
Oh , great . This again .
Uh , beats me . I , I just hope this is not a , a sex dream .
And , and the one time where , where you were afraid , and you needed me for , for a night light . What is , what is troubling you ?
Well , sounds right . Can , can I get out of this muumuu now ?
And they , they , they do not wear underwear .
Uh , do , do you love this girl ?
Well , maybe you should show her how , how important she is to you .
Sheldon , you , you can see this movie whenever you want . But you only have a limited number of days that you , you can be with this woman . Be with her .
Great .
Sheldon , what is wrong ?
Okay .
Obi what ?
Okay . Good night . Wait . Um , Sheldon , were you actually not gonna spend my birthday with me ?
Well , we could wait a couple days and see it together .
Hey . We are going to the comic book store . You want to come ?
Come in .
Come in .
Just come in .
We are sorry . What do you need ?
Sure .
Wow . You can really arrange that ?
How about something a little more realistic ?
Hold on . It could be romantic . The two of them away together , keeping each other warm in snowy Wisconsin .
Okay , well , what is the third option ?
Wild thang .
Yeah , are you ready for this ?
Sheldon , that is so beautiful .
Why is not it ever Angie Dickinson is bedroom ?
It , it does not seem like it is up to me .
Eh , excuse me for a moment . Well , it was worth a shot .
Uh , all right . Um , once , once the man gets the , the woman out of her , out of her bloomers…
Oh , good , good . ‘Cause , uh , I have no idea what kids these days are calling their , their parts .
What is happening to this world ? What , what do you actually need to know ?
Sheldon , if , if you are with the right person , it , it will be okay .
Well , that is , that is very nice of you to say , but I think I am just an expression of , of your unconscious mind .
Yeah ? Live long and suck it .
Come in .
Hi , Sheldon .
That is okay . Come on in . Thank you . Um , I will , I am gonna go put these in water .
Do you like it ?
I can change it back .
So , what had you have in mind for tonight ?
Um , that sounds nice , but I am not really hungry right now . I thought maybe we could do presents first .
You mean before you give it to me ?
Of course .
Sheldon , I know your present is for us to be intimate tonight .
Yes .
Hi .
So , um , should I get under the covers with you ?
Hi .
I am just , um , really nervous .
Well , I have been waiting for this for so long , I have just built it up in my head . I do not know what to expect .
A few hours later , in a bedroom not far away… .
Me , too .
Uh , Sheldon ? Sheldon ?
I , I was just curious . How , how had it go ?
But , uh , what , what about Amy ?
Oh . Uh , uh , she liked it fine . But she does not have the history with the franchise I do .
It is not the best Best Western I have been to , but I had say it is the third best Best Western I have been to .
What makes a best Best Buy the best Best Buy ?
Okay , well , I should unpack .
I will . I wish you were here .
Okay , I am glad you are not here ?
Good bye , Sheldon .
Bernie and I are getting the house ready for the remodel . We could always use an extra pair of hands .
Uh , I have got time booked in the telescope room all weekend scanning for rogue planets . You are more than welcome to join me .
Oh , if anything , I am trying to get my Sheld off .
Well , I should warn you , it is just looking at data for hours and hours on a computer screen .
Oh , not good . Still could not get in to see Dr . Gallo .
Social anxiety .
Lack of confidence .
Spineless .
Hmm , I just have never been in this room while you are awake .
Uh , making sure the telescope is camera is white field balanced .
Still making sure the telescope is camera is white field balanced .
Now I am making sure the telescope is camera is white field balanced and wishing you had a colouring book .
Fine , you want something to do ? There is about six months of data on this hard drive . Why do not you go through it and see if you can spot any patterns or anomalies .
Yeah , okay , whatever it takes to keep you busy for a few hours .
No , you did not . There are millions of data points there .
Yeah , maybe that is something . How did you find that ?
No .
Okay , so once we receive the next image and compare it to the ones we have already collected , we will know what it is that we found .
It could be a trans Neptunian object .
Unlikely , but it could be a dwarf planet .
Okay , the final image is coming in . And the object we discovered is…
A medium sized asteroid .
I kind of like chicken fingers .
Come on , a medium sized asteroid is still an interesting discovery .
You dream different than me .
Yeah , it is . And you know we get to name it .
So I was thinking , maybe we can come up with a name for the asteroid by combining our names .
How is that both our names ?
Yeah , s so it is , like , Kooper with a K ?
Hey .
Wow , that is amazing . I am in a pretty great mood today myself .
I learned that for free from a cat poster , but good for you .
Wait , what happened to us ?
Well , what are you thinking of naming it ?
We have not settled on anything yet .
That is a great idea .
So , uh , what were you thinking ? Combine their names ?
That is just Amy .
Hi , Sheldon . What is up ?
Uh , please tell me what to say next .
Oh . Sheldon , thank you . That is so romantic . But what about Rajesh ? He was okay with you choosing the name ?
All of them ?
I miss you .
And it is gone .
Good for you .
Glad to hear it .
Yay .
You really do not know why ?
Sheldon , I cooked you breakfast . I made your bed . I checked your mouth for thrush . You can rub your own chest .
I brought you a little care package from work . It is our latest antiviral and the best decongestant we make .
Sheldon , stop being a baby and let Emily take a look at you .
I went to medical school .
All right , here you go .
You are not dying . It is just the flu .
Hi , Sheldon .
Are you feeling any better ?
Why do not you tell me what happened , and in a gentle , loving way , I will explain to you why you are wrong .
Ooh . Gentle and loving , this is gonna be tricky .
Sheldon , when you are sick , you can be unbearable . That is why your friends have been known to work late or sneak out to the movies or stay at a neurobiology conference three days after it is ended .
No , no , not just that . I mean , Detroit is beautiful when it is sleeting .
This weekend .
Well , Vegas , but…
That is fine , ’cause actually you are not invited .
Oh , Sheldon , you do not even like it there .
Not this time .
He is coming , too .
Nope .
Oh , great . Do that .
Hi , Sheldon . What is new ?
I said what is new , but sure .
Did you refuse to apologize and act like they were stupid for being mad ?
Everyone tried to take care of you , and you were nothing but mean to them .
Who else is side could you have been on ?
Sheldon , I understand that you are upset because you feel left out , but I do not know why we are even talking about this . Just apologize to them .
Maybe you could try apologizing because you actually feel bad . It is called empathy . It is something you could work on .
Great . Now try it as if this is not your first day as a person .
Glad I could help .
I feel so , so bad .
Ah , so like every other M . Night Shyamalan movie I have seen , you spoil it in advance .
Thank you . I appreciate that .
Appreciate that , too .
You are still not coming .
Sheldon , I accept your apology , but you upset a lot of people while you were sick . I am not in a position to just say you can come .
Fine , if you apologize to everyone , they all say it is okay , then yes , you can come .
Well , I hope it is as much fun as the Sheldon Cooper Spell Checks Local Menus Tour .
Wow . I am impressed .
Forgiven , forgiven .
Can this wait ?
Okay , fine , I accept your apology , now get out .
Thank you , Sheldon . I appreciate that .
What trip to Las Vegas ?
Of course , I was not invited .
Of course I do .
Do you honestly think I hear that a lot ?
Why are you defending him ?
No , come on , please do not leave .
Do not worry , you are good .
So , was the fight really bad ?
You think they will still go on the trip ?
What is wrong with you ?
You went to Emily is to apologise , and when you left , she was crying .
Wait , that is an option ? I did not know that was an option .
That is very mature of you .
Mm hmm . Well , I would like to propose a toast to a well deserved weekend of…
What are you doing ?
If we drop them off at a fire station , they have to take them , no questions asked .
Oh , God .
Shh , let him finish .
Thank you .
Oh , it is okay , Sheldon . Come with us .
But I want to stay .
Come on , you pain in the ass .
Shake it , baby .
Yeah .
What is that ?
That someone has a name .
I park fine .
Oh , it will be nice to finally meet her .
Really ? The old Asian man is not your Meemaw ?
Oh , that is nice . Most people her age do not embrace technology .
Same as when we lost you at the zoo .
Moon Pie .
I am so happy to see you , too .
Thank you .
Is that nice to say to your friend ?
It was a classic western set in the post Jurassic period , and it changed my life .
Very . It is nice to rest after 800 flights of stairs .
That is great . And look at you , sitting in Sheldon is spot . You know , I do not even get to sit there .
Of course .
He is been saying that since he was little . I still do not know what it means .
Oh , now do not you go looking through my suitcase for presents .
Maybe . But you also might find my brassieres and bloomers .
Oh , you better hope so .
Oh , you are welcome , Moon Pie .
Oh , no wine for me . Sheldon is bringing me my whiskey .
She could just eat him up .
Oh , well , you know , now , now that I am hearing it , it does sound familiar .
Well , now I know .
Well , maybe I do not like you either .
I think I should leave .
You have an engagement ring ?
When did you get an engagement ring ?
Sheldon , will you please tell your grandmother to stay out of this ?
Sheldon , tell this girl that my ring will never be on her finger .
Who said I even want to be engaged to him ? And if I do , I , I do not need your hand me downs .
Do not speak to him like he is a child .
Yeah , right in there . She ate it and everything .
Hey . What happened ? Is Amy gone ?
Uh oh .
Hi . Sorry . Sheldon would like to say something to you .
Just get in here .
Go ahead .
Oh , Sheldon , thank you .
I did .
I think what Sheldon means to say is we have both grown together . Is not that right ?
Say yes .
Fine . If you feel so strongly , I will not stand in your way .
I suppose .
Hey , did you ever tell Emily about us ?
Hello .
Sorry , Bernie and I are breaking in the new hot tub , if you know what I mean .
Not really .
Okay , and we are live in 22 minutes .
People who are fans of an Internet show about flags ? Trust me , they are around .
What do you mean ?
Oh . That is so sweet .
Okay , we are live in five , four , three , oh , wait , oh shoot , I already pushed the button . Never mind , we are live .
Consider tonight is episode a Valentine is Day gift for you , our viewers .
Since we are live , you will finally be able to reach out to us with your flag thoughts and flag questions .
I , I think it starts with good communication .
You really think so ?
No , Sheldon is right . Emily did say I always talk about my feelings too much .
Yeah , I am just sitting here all by myself wondering if I’w ever find someone to share my wife with . Pwefewabwy Asian , 18 24 , no fatties .
Aw wight . Is my pole fwag wewated ?
Look , I know you both feel bad about being alone , but sometimes the best thing you can do is take a little time for yourself , especially when you just got out of a relationship .
Well , I , I would not say right away .
Before Emily , I was alone for so long . I just , I do not know if I can do that again .
It really can .
No , hold on , Rajesh . You know , you are not being very sympathetic . You know first hand that breakups are hard .
I am just gonna push all the buttons .
Really ?
So do I .
We are young and fun .
It can be . Confetti fight . Maybe you should take a break . I got this .
Hey , Raj , I read a couple of guys in your department may have discovered a new planet in our solar system ?
Because instead of being in the telescope room , I was busy making you guys home made jam for the holidays .
Hey .
That is so amazing .
Why oh , no ?
Relax , there is room for two babies in this group .
You are the other baby .
Would an adult refuse to eat his graham crackers because one of them was broken ?
And then there is this nose . I mean , what if he looks like me ? Or worse , what if she looks like me ?
Well , he could bring the baby here .
Hey , you know what we should do ?
Well , look at this . I bet whoever invented tiny umbrellas does not have to worry about money . He can have all the kids he wants .
That is just research . We are never gonna make any money from it .
Uh , these are strong , you should slow down .
It is true . I like my giant iPad and my little iPad almost as much as my regular sized iPad .
The same reason we do not do a lot of fun stuff . You .
Uh , it is in the corner .
I really do .
It is a good sign .
Damn . What is it ?
Can you focus on what we are talking about ?
Even drunk , he is still smarter than all of us .
I had enjoy that .
Maybe you are right .
Thank you , Sheldon .
Hi . How are you doing ?
So , you gonna get up there later ?
I had like to dedicate my last song of the evening to my wife , best friend , and now the mother of our child . I love you , Bernie .  Havin’ my baby , what a lovely way of sayin’ how much you love me . Havin’ my baby , what a lovely way of sayin’ what you are thinkin’ of me .
I think we had make amazing parents .
Way to narrow it down to everything .
Well , your birthday is coming up , and you have never let us celebrate it , and I was hoping maybe this year we could .
I will check his room .
Oh , my God .
Yeah , what is the problem ? Is it about getting older ?
Can you please just tell me why ?
I am sorry .
Oh , poor thing .
You realize none of those things would happen now ?
Yeah .
Okay , so how do you feel about party balloons ?
All right , what about music ?
What kind of cake do you like ?
What is an Affleck ?
Well , I think they just want you to see it for the first time all decorated .
Well , I am , I am sure they will ask you to give a speech , and that is when you just tear ’em a new one . Have to say , you , you do look good in that suit .
Maybe later I will , uh , get to see you in your birthday suit .
Oh . Penny says everyone is there . Are you ready ?
Are you all right ?
Oh , do you need a minute ?
Come on , Sheldon , say something .
Happy birthday , Sherman .
Okay , this is ridiculous .  Sheldon ? Can I come in ?
Because you e mail me your bathroom schedule once a week , even though I have clicked unsubscribe , like , a thousand times . So , what is going on ?
I get that . Hey , you want to just bring a few people in here ? You know , Wil Wheaton in the bathtub , Batman on the toilet . It will be like the weirdest Comic Con ever .
Oh , pl , you are not ruining it . Look , at some point , Raj will try to get everyone to do the Electric Slide . Now , that will ruin it .
That is fine . You know , I hate that your sister and her friends used to torture you . But what I hate even more is , if I was there , I would have tortured you , too .
My point is , there was a time I never would have been friends with someone like you , and now you are one of my favourite people . So , if what you need is to spend your birthday in a bathroom , I am happy to do it with you .
What are you wooking at me for ? I am a saint . But a sinner in the sack .
Sheldon , I do not think everyone…
Okay , then , uh , Sheldon , we have known each other a long time . And it is a pleasure to work with you and call you my friend .
And it was Gandhi who said , live as if you were to die tomorrow . Learn as if you were to live forever .
Uh , in the past , I would have said something obnoxious , like , happy birthday , dumbass . But I am not gonna do it . You and I have both grown a lot , and it is just so nice to see you all again . So , happy birthday , Sheldon .
I ca not think of anything to say that has not already been said , so , here is to you , Sheldon .
Sheldon , we have been together so long , it is hard to remember a time you were not in my life . And believe me , I try . You make me laugh . You make me a better scientist . You make me crazy . You are more than just my roommate , you are my brother .
Hello , Sheldon .
Happy birthday to you .
Happy birthday to you .
Okay , while they get the cake , Sheldon , I just want to say , I hope you did not think you were gonna get through tonight without a hug .
Okay , I gotta ask , why are you wearing a bow tie ?
Is the impression that your first name is Pee Wee ?
So , I have reviewed your paperwork , and it seems like we have got everything we need to file a patent for your infinite persistence gyroscope .
That is nice , but I think ours might be a bit more thorough .
Seventy five percent ?
It is university policy .
Well , sometimes they give you a plaque .
Thank you for your time .
We ca not . It says on their Web site , as long as we work there , they have a controlling ownership of anything we come up with .
Or , if we ended up making money from this , Sheldon and I could split our shares with you .
Of course , we can split any profits three ways .
Okay , great .
Sure , we could write something up .
You can do it , Sheldon .
This contract looks good to me .
Sheldon , did you draft the contract ?
So , you are just gonna sign this without having a lawyer look at it ?
Excuse us .
What ?
Good one .
I hope everything is okay .
Hey .
Yeah . But , um , we were talking , and I am a little concerned about the three of us forming a partnership .
Sheldon , my concern is not with the money or anything . It is , it is with how you treat me .
Are you saying that his contributions are not as valuable as yours ?
How would you enforce it ?
And his obsessive compulsive disorder .
I am on board .
Call you right back .
Hang on . Maybe there should be a no insult clause about me , too .
Yeah .
That is very generous , Sheldon .
I appreciate that .
Sheldon .
As a matter of fact , I do . I am gonna comfort her , because I am a caring and decent friend who is happy to be there when she needs someone to talk to .
I did not understand your e mail .
Deaw Aby , could you pleathe dwive be to the twain thtow thubtibe tobowow ?
Sheldon , why do not you get a new computer ? You know that one is out of date .
The video is failing , and the sound is cutting out .
The video is failing , and the sound is cutting out .
Get a new computer .
Get a new computer .
I got here as quickly as I could .
Sheldon , this is silly .
That lab monkey told me he loved me in sign language .
Look , I am , I am sorry for your loss , but I think I have something that might make you feel better . I got you a new computer .
Do what ?
Well , the guy at the store said this one is great .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Okay , so what is solder ?
Knock it off or I will start making W H sounds for words that just have a W .
Whatch me .
I thought you might like it .
Or you could just look into my eyes .
Well , you know , as long as you are happy .
And Rick said you could bring in your old one to recycle it .
Oh , but he said you can get store credit .
But why would not…
Okay . How ’bout we change it to why you are being weird about this ?
Sheldon , just tell me .
Okay .
All right .
Will you please tell me where we are going ?
I am driving the car . I need to know .
So where are we going ?
Why do you have a storage unit ?
How long have you had it ?
Do you want me to hold that computer ?
I am sorry . What , what am I looking at ?
All of it ?
I love it , I will be all like , busted , and they will be like , what ? And then we will all be like , oh yeah . Yeah , I get it . I would not make out with me , either .
You have sporting equipment ?
Okay , why do you have a bin of pine cones ?
So , why do you feel you need to save these things ?
Okay . I get it . I get it .
I do not .
Why ?
It is okay , Sheldon . You know , I have saved a lot of weird things , too .
Well , um , did you know I have a microscope slide with a little bit of tissue from the first brain I ever dissected ?
So , no one else knows about this ?
Thank you for trusting me .
That is me , your emotional outhouse . You know , if you ever decide you want to do something about this , I am , I am here for you .
Baby steps , I guess .
Oh . Okay .
You did it . Do you feel okay ?
Well , I am proud of you .
Well , I feel closer to you now .
I really had to go home for this ?
And yet , I am not .
And yet , you ca not .
Whatcha doing ?
What am I smelling ?
That is not what the forest smells like .
Why are you pretending to be outdoors ? You hate it .
Buddy , I am ready to drive you into the wilderness any time you want and leave you there .
Okay , if that is true , why are not there more genius squirrels ?
Here is your tea .
You know , if you really want to be in nature , why do not we rent a cabin ?
We could all go for the weekend . It will be fun .
Come on , Sheldon , let is go with them .
You know , if that study is real , Leonard might come back smarter than you .
Yes .
Well , we will be in the woods .
Nice hat , Sheldon .
I know . Did you see they still have a video rental place ? it is like Colonial Williamsburg .
Have you ever been off the grid before ?
Well , she is taking me to an Indigo Girls concert , so hold that thought .
Sheldon , all we did was walk in from the car .
And there goes our hike .
They have some board games .
I do not think I have lit a real fire before .
I could stack the logs conically to facilitate airflow .
Hey , you guys want to play a drinking game ?
I have never played that before .
Okay , I will go . Never have I ever been arrested .
No , it is only if you have done it .
I ca not believe you have been arrested .
Sheldon , what did you do ?
I am surprised you would do that .
What , he arrested you for that ?
And then you got arrested .
Okay . My turn . Um , never have I ever completely rocked my girlfriend is world in bed .
That is right .
What , you mean , like , your massive credit card debt ?
You did not .
Never have I ever cancelled a dentist appointment .
Never have I ever honked if I liked anything .
Never have I ever put salt on my food without trying it first .
Oh . Never have I ever pushed all the buttons in an elevator .
But Batman is a man . You are talking about a man who would have the powers of a man . That is just Man Man .
So does that answer your question ?
People are coming over , it looked fun .
Your attendance implies it is not .
Oh , Sheldon , we do not need a meeting every three months .
Oh , you know what ? I am not going .
This meeting is a waste of time . Whether we make the switch from Post Raisin Bran to Kellogg is Raisin Bran should not require parliamentary procedure .
You are the only one who eats them .
I am not going , you ca not make me .
What is the problem ?
You have fun . I will not be attending .
Thank you .
You are being ridiculous .
Well , I will still come to your meeting .
Because it is important to him , and when we signed the roommate agreement , we made a deal .
Oh , that sounds great , a bed to yourself . Ca not even remember what that is like .
Mm , I think so . Dragons , snow zombies , and all the hot guys are dead .
Yeah , that is right .
And I had think you had understand why I am annoyed .
I do not want to .
Stop saying meeting .
I brought my famous spinach dip .
Oh , he is all bent out of shape about having a roommate agreement meeting .
Well , I get why he is annoyed .
You love The Simpsons .
Well , I know how he feels . I never enjoyed our relationship agreement meetings .
Sorry .
Oh , Sheldon , I never thought re filing a matter in a standing subcommittee could be so fascinating .
Come on , Sheldon , we will watch Game of Thrones over here .
Oh , good , go . You know , it will be nice to watch an episode without someone saying , I read the books , do not get too fond of this character .
Wait , did Amy make her spinach dip ?
Thanks . This thing kept getting caught in the chain of my bike .
It just said Italian sub . I had no idea mortadella has pistachios in it .
Sheldon .
He is gonna be okay .
Okay . But you using Sheldon to do your dirty work is like when Cersei used the King is Guard to do her bidding .
That is true .
That was scary .
How come your head has your face on it ?
What ?
What is it ?
‘Cause we are not in it for the stuff . We are in it for the groupies .
But you always say that you want to win a Nobel Prize .
Well , it sounds like a nice night . We should go .
Well , I am going . You could not stop me from getting a massage at the mall , and you are not stopping me now .
Yeah , give her a break from , well , come on .
Me ? How ? Why ?
Gee , Sheldon , I do not know .
I guess we could give it a try .
Oh , that is great . I have been wanting her to meet you guys , too , so this seems like the perfect opportunity .
They know that we are not exclusive , and we just do not ask too many questions .
Who is Frank and Alicia ?
Okay . Everything is hooked up . We are ready .
All right , here goes nothing .
Fine . Preliminary trial of the infinite persistence gyroscopic navigational system , phase one commencing .
Hey , are you still hanging out with Bernadette tonight ?
Oh , good for you .
No honey baked ham in a hot tub , got it .
Okay , have fun .
We are leaving now !
Okay , we are leaving , love you , bye .
I brought sparkling cider .
So what do you want to do tonight ?
There is more than one ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Huh . You sure you guys are smart ?
I am sorry , I have to ask .
What is it about trains that you like so much ?
That is lovely , Sheldon .
I said no questions .
Dungeons & Dragons ? That sounds about right .
Okay , but just for a little bit .
All right .
You bet .
Oh . I like the idea of being tall .
This is getting fun . What is next ?
Oh , I have not had a drink in months .
I storm in , slam my sword down , and say , barkeep , bring me the strongest ale you have and serve it in the skull of a goblin .
Not a lot . I just could not start until you walked away .
Does it have eyes ?
I stab it in the middle eye .
Okay , I guess I should eat the Hell Prawn .
Wow , this night turned out to be so much more fun than I thought .
Thank you for this . You know , ever since people found out I am having a baby , I feel like I became Pregnant Bernadette . It was nice to take a little break tonight .
Well , thanks again .
I might just take you up on that .
Morning .
Ugh . Too much wine .
Hey , did you ever think about the military applications for the guidance system ?
Does it bother you ?
Who are these people ?Penny : Helium .
Yes .
Yes . Pi .
More specific .
Yes .
What are you guys doing ?
Hmm , atom of hydrogen , Adam of Maroon 5 , mic drop .
Hey , Penny , um , since you are already gonna be at the airport , do I need to go ?
Well , I can do without the 40 minute car ride where she criticizes every aspect of my life .
That is very mature of you , so I am gonna go ahead and say , suckah .
Okay .
Or as I know him ?
Did you guys see there is an Avengers screening ? Joss Whedon is gonna show some deleted scenes and do a question and answer session .
Penny is busy with my mother , so I am in .
Uh , I had say by three .
It is not a big deal . Go shopping with Amy , and we will save a spot in line for you .
People do it all the time .
We have waited in a lot of lines together , have not we ?
Waking up , wondering which one of those fans stole our wallets .
Sheldon , you are the most inconsiderate person I have ever met in my entire life . Where do you get off sending me to shop with your girlfriend ?
Oh , I am not upset with you , but Amy is pretty bent out of shape , so she hired me to let you have it .
Hey .
Uh , no , she is still pretty mad .
I said , Sheldon says he is sorry .
You think it is time you apologize to her yourself ?
I am happy to hold your place till you get back .
Consider it my way of getting more of your money .
Um , it has seat warmers .
Come in .
Fine .
So , when the aliens brought you back , they just left the probe in ?
Hey , how had it go ?
You made it .
He is just joining his friends ; it is fine .
We are near the front of the line . We will get in either way .
We had still get in .
Still get in .
We had still get in , but first I had hit you over the head with his stick chair .
Oh , please do not .
Oh , uh , I am with my friends . It is cool .
No .
Uh , who made you line monitor ?
Okay , good example .
The Avengers are rule breakers . Being vengeful is in their job description .
He is got him there . The D even stands for department .
Told you .
I ca not believe we are gonna get beat up , and it is not because of your chair .
Okay , you may have to pretend you are black to get us out of here .
Why should we listen to you ? You cut the line yourself .
If you are feeling dizzy , it is because the tables have turned .
Buddy , let it go .
You did everything you could .
Wait , now I am just some lousy maid of honour ?
Okay , wait , you are inviting people to our wedding ?
Who is Erno Rubik ?
Okay , fine , but why would you invite him to our wedding ?
Thank you for picking me up .
Okay , Mary .
Sheldon , do not be silly .
It was so nice of Leonard and Penny to invite me .
I have always had a special place in my heart for Leonard . Taking care of my baby all these years .
Oh , well , the usual gang . Penny is family is coming tomorrow .
Yes , I have .
Good .
How the hell did you do that ?
Dad , you remember Sheldon .
Hello to you , you wrinkled old bastard .
You know , the Bible says forgiveness…
Uh , who is hungry ? We have a reservation at the best restaurant in town .
Sheldon .
My goodness , so all the way back to the Flood .
Do you realize what is happening here ?
Yeah , I am gonna call Bernadette and see what is keeping them .
Well , that certainly explains my marriage to Sheldon is father .
Uh , I would like to propose a toast to my wife and bride to be .
What is happening there ?
‘Cause they both turned their phones off .
I do not like it either .Sceme : Leonard and Penny is bedroom .
What ?
We are not gonna be brothers . We are not gonna be stepbrothers . Go to sleep .
Go to sleep .
No .
Your parents are old . Anything unspeakable was finished by 9 :30 . Go to sleep .
God , I thought my brother fresh out of jail was gonna make everyone uncomfortable , but now this .
Oh , hey , and do yourself a favour , all right ? When Beverly gets here , do not bring up last night . All right ? As far as you are concerned , you do not know anything , you did not see anything . I want you just to play dumb .
Well , why ? What is wrong ?
I just cannot stay here while your father goes out of his way to humiliate me .
Stop it , Sheldon .
I do not see why I should have to watch your father parade around with some bible thumping bumpkin .
Okay , Beverley , are not you overreacting a little ? All we know is they shared a cab and had a nightcap .
Well , we ca not have that .
Yeah , special , like that .  That is them . Please do not make things any more awkward than they already are .
Morning .
Good .
If I may , I can assure you , your mother and I did nothing more than share a cab and a conversation .
You do not know his girlfriend very well .
How could you think that I would spend the night with a man I just met ?
Maybe we meet halfway .
No , no , nothing to be sorry about . I genuinely like your father .
Are you saying that my dad is not good enough for your mom ?
This is ridiculous . I am going across the hall .
That still leaves me here with him .
Who is ready for a wedding ?
Oh , so am I .
Sheldon , they have not done anything wrong . I think it is nice they are hitting it off .
You are a patient young lady .
Okay , I think we are ready .
Not just Leonard and Penny is love , but the love we have for them , as well as each other .
Thank you . All right , let is continue .
It is happening .
Good . Thank you .
Hey . I will not have you be disrespectful to me .
Sheldon , you are mother is an attractive woman . You need to get use to the fact that men are going to be interested in her .
I will not have you be disrespectful to me .
Do not you be disrespectful to her .
Is he ? I never noticed .
So some alien kid spent his money on the asthma and glasses upgrade for me ?
Yeah . This military guy showed up at Howard is door . He was terrifying .
He gave me his business card and asked me to please pass it along to Howard .
Oh , yeah . How do you think I stay this thin ?
Well , you are kidding , right ?
Sheldon , we could be contributing to a weapons system that oppresses mankind for the next thousand years .
And my cousin is a lawyer .
You are not a lawyer , Sheldon , you are just a know it all .
That is the definition of being a know it all .
Give me a second to call my cousin .
Hi .
Well , I do not know much about patent law . But , uh , my advice is hear them out , offer as little information as possible , and whatever you do , do not sign anything .
That is not what I meant .
That is not what I meant .
Howard , why is he yelling at me ?
Someday , when I am up on murder charges , you will be hearing from me .
Four months ?
Hi .
What are you doing ?
Does he even like lemon bars ?
Something happen at the meeting ?
And you talked ?
Well , if it makes you feel any better , Bernadette is mad at me , too .
Why would that make me feel better ?
Okay . Never mind .
Well , I told people at work that she is pregnant . She was not ready for them to know .
Well , it just slipped out . I feel terrible .
You believe me ? Oh , good . 11 more chumps like you , I will have the jury eating out of my hand .
Wish we were not so far from my parking space .
I had like to reinstate the you not talking rule .
No way .
Access denied .
Sure , I am still figuring out the thermo acoustic expander .
What ?
We only have two months to deliver this to the Air Force because of you .
Well , wake up , we are gonna put in a lot of late nights .
Well , I do not know , midnight , one .
If you are tired , have some coffee .
I am having coffee .
It is been three and a half minutes , wake up .
Oh , that is so nice .
Well , Sheldon was supposed to go to this party with me this afternoon , but I do not think that is happening .
Oh , I will have some wine and listen to people go on about crap I do not understand . I mean , how is it any different than every single day of my life ?
Psst , hey , kid .
You look tired . Why do not you have an energy drink ? Everyone is doing it .
Oh sorry , I thought you were cool .
All right . But if you ever want to feel like you have superpowers , try one of these .
You bet . You know why Hulk is so strong ? Steroids . You know why Batman wanders around at night getting into fights ? Scotch .
Here . It is on the house .
Oh , it is complicated . He finds pushing that little door and reaching up into the machine
Are you okay ?
According to the world is worst cuckoo clock , it is two .
Why do not you just go home ?
What ?
So ?
You only had one .
You ca not develop a problem that fast .
That is not helpful . It is fun to think about , but it is not helpful . Hey , Sheldon , we are on a serious time crunch . We ca not do this without you . Can you please pull it together ?
Thank you .
No worries .
I am gonna get some coffee . You want some ?
Uh , okay , let is pretend you do have a problem .
You do not .
No , you do not . But let is say you do . And do not say you do , because you do not . Now , would not you think that throwing yourself into your work would be the best way to deal with it ?
Your problem .
Happy and well fed . You see , that is what I am taking from that story .
Is it about the rotational symmetries you should be figuring out or your fake caffeine problem ?
No .
Sheldon . We are dealing with an impossible deadline from the Air Force because of you . So have an energy drink , do not have an energy drink . Order suppositories and shove ’em wherever you want , I do not care .
Right . Listen to me . We ca not do anything until you do your part . So get up in front of this whiteboard and do it .
Yes , you can .
Seriously ?
It is okay , we will figure something out .
Right . Sorry , sir .
We have hit a bit of a snag . We are already behind schedule .
Yes , thank you so much .
Mm hmm . For two of us , it is in the right direction .
What do you think ?
Okay , you guys had sex one whole time . Nothing can put out a fire like that .
Sheldon , I understand your apprehension , but let me appeal to the scientist in you . Given the five week end date , is not it the perfect opportunity to consider this an experiment and collect data on our compatibility ?
Okay . Star Trek , the original series , the Enterprise was on a five year mission to explore new worlds . Think of this as your personal five week mission to do the same .
So , is that a yes ?
Well , where would you go ?
Wait . Why do not you guys stay across the hall , and we will live here ?
That is a good question . Maybe just do not come over .
Okay , it will not be that bad . We would not even sit in your spot while you are gone .
Sheldon , what do you think ?
Seriously ?
Oh . This is so exciting .
You know , I am very proud of you for trying to live with Amy .
Mm .
That was a cute story . So , um , what did you want to ask me ?
Mm . Well , the biggie is , if she has an insane roommate , kick him out as soon as possible .
He startles easily , so , please , no flash photography .
I do not know . I did not count .
That is me . Listen , you and I are gonna be sharing a bed . You know , this is uncharted territory for both of us . How are you feeling about that ?
Well , if you are nervous about the sleeping arrangements , maybe we should talk about it .
Well , I imagine one of your concerns might be coital expectations .
Look , I know this experiment is a big step outside of your comfort zone . So why do not we take being physical off the table and maybe later on , once we are more settled in , we can revisit it .
I have never lived with someone , either . This is a lot for me , too .
Good call . Seeing your Teen Titans underwear really got my motor running .
Thank you .
You enjoy your mission to boldly go where no man has gone before .
Shall we ?
You guys have fun .
Yeah , you wrote it on my hand .
I am on it . 15 years from now , we will make guacamole together .
Come on , Sheldon .
Well , that is it . For the next five weeks , we are officially living together .
Does not matter to me . Your choice .
Well , Sheldon , I really appreciate that , but these things mean more to you than they do to me , so whatever you want .
Well , I am not refusing . I am just trying to be considerate .
Sheldon , will you please just pick a side ?
Great . That is your side .
Okay , I will take that side .
Rising rapidly .
Okay . What if we do this ?
Great .
Ugh . What is that ?  Why did you switch sides ?
Comfy ?
Sheldon ? I know we took coitus off the table , but I was wondering how you feel about other forms of intimacy , such as snuggling .
Sheldon , I have made more than enough accommodations for you . We are both grown adults , we have been far more intimate than this . If you do not want to snuggle , fine , but we are not building a pillow wall .
Call you back .
Oh , oh , oh .
Hang on .
Yeah .
Miserable and exhausted .
Well , I did not , and it is your fault .
Sheldon , maybe living together is a bad idea .
The kind who almost put a pillow over your face last night .
I am sorry , are you questioning my integrity as a scientist ?
What would a theoretical physicist understand about an experiment anyway ? I mean , you would not know a confounding variable if two of them hit you in the face at the same time . And you do not even get that joke , ’cause you do not even work with confounding variables .
Oh , you heard me . Your experimental bona fides are laughable .
Damn .
Well , for science , maybe I will .
Fine .
Good .
I will give you a hint . We are watching Daredevil .
I told you , you ca not regulate every aspect of our lives .
She is right . That is reasonable .
When you live with someone , there is gonna be conflict . You just have to keep communicating .
Sheldon , what do you say to that ?
What ?
We sleep together once a year . You want other partners ?
You know what is weird ? How turned on you are right now .
Just as challenging ?
As you ?
Just as challenging as you ?
Leonard breathes on me , too . It is not a big deal .
Well , so does Leonard . It is kind of annoying , but it is not the end of the world .
You know , so does Leonard . Ca not I just get ready in the morning without him giving me his goofy thumbs up ? Hey hey hey .
You know , one night , Leonard is nose whistled so loud , I swear it was like sleeping on a train track .
Is it ? Oh . It is like his sinuses are right here in the car .
Yeah , I will take you for ice cream .
Oh , please , you are barely interested in a physical relationship with one person . Why would you want to confuse and disappoint others ?
Well , who you gonna hit on ? The girl in front of us got strawberry . That is your favourite .
What about the girl behind the counter ?
Is it possible you might not actually want to meet someone ?
Thank you .
All right . Come on . What is really going on with you ?
All right .
Not relating . Go on .
Oh , now I am with ya . Okay .
Oh , that is awful .
Well , what happened with your dad ?
You poor thing .
And you are afraid you are gonna do something like your dad did ?
Down the road ? Sheldon , she wanted to share a toothbrush holder with you , and now you are at an ice cream parlour trying to pick up women .
Honey , instead of worrying about pain you might cause in the future , how about trying to fix the pain you are causing her right now ?
Okay .
Oh , hi . Hi .
We are doing good . I think Sheldon has something he would like to say to Amy .
I am very happy for you .
You know , with us living together , maybe we could think about having people over .
You know what I meant .
I am sorry I mentioned it .
What is going on here ?
Well , that is so nice . Who is coming ?
You mean the Romanian lady on the second floor ?
That is an odd mix of people .
You never went into that haunted house .
Well , thank you , Sheldon . This is a fun surprise .
There is nothing to be afraid of , Sheldon .
Been 15 minutes . Just sayin’ .
It is hard to say . I do not remember much after I drank it .
Yes . Drink is fun and good friends , Applebee is .
Oh , they are pretty . Thank you .
Oh , yeah , oh , anyway , let is just get in and see if the GPS can take us to the nearest emergency room .
Really , no one else is coming ?
Uh , no . He , he just means that you were the first people we thought of .
So , I am like a lab rat before your real friends come over ?
Stuart , you know you are one of our favourite people .
This is the best blintz I have ever had .
I am always the last one anybody thinks of .
Bye .
I know how it feels , too .
Thank you .
What ? Who are you ?
Hmm ?
Thank you for noticing .
You know what I love about you ?
You never leave the house without a paper clip .
I also love how you never use swear words .
Maybe I can get a little help putting some of this stuff away .
And I am Dr . Amy Farrah Fowler .
Dr . Sheldon Cooper is Fun with Flags .
As you may notice , just one of the changes around here is our new house band .
We are also coming to you live from a different apartment .
So , in the spirit of cohabitation , the theme of today is episode is flags of two regions coming together as one . Such as the flag of St . Kitts and Nevis .
Yeah , but to make him leave , not to make him stay .
It is almost dinner time . You in the mood for anything ?
Oh , you do not want do that , it is a construction zone .
Well , what about your fear of stray nails and butt cracks ?
Anyway , how about dinner ?
Thanks , but you do not have to .
Good stuff . So , uh , what about dinner ?
No . And on the subject of subjects , is your use of the word subject the same or different as when we speak about the subject of a king ?
You are awful quiet , everything okay ?
Oh . Well , just out of curiosity , what registers as odd to you ?
I would not worry about it . She is probably just distracted by work .
You heard him , guys , do not ask .
Buddy , buddy , listen , nothing bad is going on , she just , she just did not want you to know that the work on her apartment was finished a couple weeks ago .
She is enjoying living with you and she did not want it to end early .
Yes .
Eating cake on the toilet single .
Superman is gone , my stormtrooper is gone .
I had say damn it in Klingon , but that was not until next month .
Khoo vakh ! She took my Where is Waldo .
Let it go .
Eventually , I guess . Although , I am kind of curious how long she thinks she can keep hiding my stuff without me knowing .
Food is here .
Oh , uh , they are still working on it .
Yeah , we swung by her apartment on the way to the restaurant , and they are gonna be fixing it for a while .
I did , still a mess .
Yeah ?
Why are you speaking Klingon ?
Ubif Lubenubard tubold hubim , ubit is pusubibuble .
You stop that .
ghobe’
Penny was just covering for me . My place has been ready for two weeks .
I guess it is okay . I am sorry that I lied about my apartment .
Now that everything is out on the table , you , you think you two will keep living together ?
Are you saying you had like to live with me ?
That would be amazing .
But you will not be living here .
But you will not be living here .
Sweetie , once you stop paying rent , none of this is really yours .
Thank you for understanding .
Good night .
I do not know . It , it could be .
Sure , sure , we , we could live in my apartment .
Sorry , you brought it up ?
It is kind of exciting . I mean we could do whatever we want .
Yes .
Sorry .
What is going on ?
Can it be more of an internal struggle ?
How about if I just do not breathe at all ?
Okay , last question . The chaps he was wearing , assless ?
We can , but for the record , all chaps are assless .
This is not complicated . Do you love Amy ?
Do you like living with her ?
Do you know what you need to do now ?
Hi .
What are you doing ?
I understand . I will leave you be .
Of course . Jean Buridan proposed a philosophical thesis stating that a hungry donkey placed between two equidistant bales of hay would be paralysed by indecision and would starve to death .
Well , I would not want you to starve to death , so here is an eggplant .
You know , some people believe that Buridan was plagiarizing Aristotle .
Although , in Aristotle is example , he proposed an equally hungry and thirsty man caught between food and drink .
Are you suggesting Al Ghazali was Aristotelian ? ‘Cause if anything , he was anti Aristotelian .
I love you , too .
It is just a tiny skin sample . You saw me do it to myself .
A two .
Sheldon , if I am gonna synthesize a neural network from our skin cells , I need to harvest them . Now , I have done this dozens of times , but if you are too scared you do not have to .
Thank you .
Just think how happy you will be in a few weeks when I have converted our skin cells into functional brain cells .
Okay . Three , two , and we are done .
It did not hurt , did it ?
Okay , fine , one .
Thank you . Good luck with your future endeavours .
If you had give me a minute , I will tell you .
Those are your eyelashes , move . Well , Sheldon , I see astrocytes . Our combined skin cells are now a primitive neural network .
These cells come from both of us .
No reason we ca not start right now .
Sheldon , this is a rudimentary collection of neurons . I mean , it is remarkable , but it is still limited in what it can do .
Well , I turned this one into a functioning boyfriend , so sky is the limit .
Look at that , put them in a tiny Flash T shirt and it is you .
Good , you know , in case the exit is not clearly marked .
Are you actually comparing my human baby to your brain in a bowl ?
You do realize my baby has functioning organs and can recognize voices .
Mine has a fully developed immune system .
Sheldon , that is enough .
Okay . I will leave . But just know , every time I come in here , I will be thinking of you .
I have never seen results like this before .
Are not you glad you participated in this ?
Set up a second culture and try to replicate our results .
Make a baby ? What are you talking about ?
Sheldon , I am not ready to have a baby .
Wow . I , I can actually feel the egg crawling its way back up .
Not right now .
I am not playing anything . We are not making a baby today .
Well , have fun with whatever nightmare is behind door number two .
Hello .
I do not think so .
Sheldon , please stop trying to seduce me .
I thought it smelled like a petting zoo in here .
Okay , I have had enough .
No .
For God is sake , you are ridiculous .
Could not have happened to a nicer guy .
Ah .
And he does not have to use it for research , he can do whatever he wants with it .
Right . Be polite .
Thanks . I was as surprised as anybody . When they called and told me I won , I did not believe them . And then they said , no , you really won . And then I said , cool .
I have gotten pretty good at telling it . Well , see ya .
I know , and it was the greatest sarcastic quip I have ever heard .
Oh , I heard him interviewed on the radio . You know , when they told him he won , he did not believe it , but then he did believe it . It was so funny .
You know what , I have met Bert . Is not he an indicator of life on other planets ?
You know , Sheldon , maybe if you take the time to actually read Bert is research , you had be less bitter about him winning .
It is like scrolling through the emojis on my phone .
Sounds like the night we had coitus .
Sheldon , it is foolish to be angry that Bert is work has merit .
Hey , buddy , why do not we go for a walk , so you can calm down .
Hey , I am trying to help you .
I laughed because the guy was Leonard .
Really , why ?
I could not just take the compliment . I had to ask why . You know , I do understand what you are feeling . My brother and sister is accomplishments have always been held over my head .
I wet the bed until college , but I do not think that is a quality fix .
Do it . Visualize it as your anger and , and toss it out of your life .
What happened ?
You know , Sheldon , instead of fixating on what Bert has , you should appreciate all of the good things in your life . You have got love , you are in good health , you have got a roof over your head .
This is getting old fast , Dolores , knock it off .
I do , your life is fine you big baby .
If it helps , I am questioning your life choices , too .
There you go .
All right , we are done . It is offensive .
You are in a good mood .
Well , I am glad to see you moving forward .
Then the robot uprising has begun .
He does not just look like C 3PO , now he walks like him .
Thanks . I have been hearing that a lot . Ever since I won , people think I am great .
You know , as a MacArthur Grant winner , I am allowed to nominate someone for next year .
So I was thinking , you know , engineers do not get a lot of respect . Is your friend Howard working on anything cool ?
I ca not believe you head butted a water fountain .
It is not hard . Just picture the Three Stooges , and then take away two stooges .
Oh , I do not mind . If you pull a butterscotch out of your pocket , it would be like I am walking with my grandma .
Well , change plaque to mixed race couple and you are my grandma .
Come in .
What happened to you ?
Wow , I won the MacArthur Grant , everyone is jealous of me . Once I get Lasik , I will be out of things to wish for .
Is it working ?
Well , you know , we are both pretty smart . I bet if we put our heads together , we could come up with a solution .
Great . Now that we are friends , want to see if we can get tickets to a taping of Ellen ?
Sheldon , wait . You know , you have got a lot to be happy about . You are at the top of your field , you have a great girlfriend .
I ca not believe you punched Bert .
Hello , Sheldon .
I understand you are struggling with professional jealousy .
It is fine . I have been on The Simpsons .
How can you feel bad if Stephen Hawking says you are brilliant ?
I always thought a motorized toy of me would be cool .
A new study came out , and it said that laughing makes your brain work better . And I know that is true because laughing has made me the smartiest . Although , on the other hand , babies laugh a lot , and they are dumb .Amy : If we are going to be staying in this apartment , would you be interested in doing a little redecorating ?
Great , what had you have in mind ?
Well , how about we start a little smaller ? Like moving the furniture around .
Look , we ca not just throw away Penny is stuff , but we can ask if she wants any of it back .
Well , I am sure she misses this one . I mean , it is the greatest gift I have ever given anybody .
It may have appreciated in value . The artist killed himself shortly after painting that .
Look , it is the same smile she has in the painting .
Oh , no , no , those hooks are gone .
Yes , you do .
Why do not you keep it ?
Yeah , I do not need anything around that I can stab myself with .
Sounds right , a limited edition collectible worth hundreds of dollars and a thing that grew out of a thing we fished from the trash .
Fine , take the plant .
Yeah , let him do it .
Live long and prosper . Live long and prosper . Live long and prosper . Live long and prosper .
So if it breaks there had be none of it ?
So you think you should keep it ?
Keep the clock , Sheldon .
Thank you ?
Let me guess , you want it .
You know what , Sheldon , take it . In fact , you can have everything , I really do not care .
Well , you know what is gonna happen , he is just gonna come up with some reason why everything should be his .
Sheldon , you are , you are being a little selfish . Why do not you let Leonard keep a few things ?
You know what ? There is one thing I would like .
I would like to keep the official flag of our apartment .
Yeah , I like this one .
But you made me order it because you were too well known in the flag community and they had jack up the price .
Oh , I do . The , the field of blue represents you being miserable , and the lion sticking its tongue out means I am happy about it .
Sheldon , I know what you did , now change the password back .
Sheldon , I am warning you , I can play this game , too .
All right , I tried .
I have got the Nporin . Who got hurt ?
Hey .
Separating my delicates .
Unbelievable . Okay , uh , I do not know what he told you , but you ca not stay here .
Sheldon , what do you think you are doing ?
It is like the ’40s again .
All right , Sheldon , this is over the line .
Oh , oh , I have a receipt from a blood bank . I am O negative .
Sheldon , get out here .
We lived together 13 years . How can you be so awful to me ?
Because you were being selfish .
I think he might be right . Also , who is that ?
So , no one is gonna tell me ? Okay .
Well , I had like that , too .
You promise ?
I love you , too . We are good .
What is wrong ?
Sheldon . Okay , you can have this back in the morning .
I will put in on the list with peaches and felt . What is this ?
I love it . Thank you .
Sheldon .
Is that okay ?
I guess , I guess we should stop .
Sheldon , what took you so long ?
Well , first deliveries can be slow .
Oh , uh , I do not know . Sheldon , you do not want to do that , do you ?
Oh , of course . The annual birthday booty spectacular !
I am sorry , and what flavour is your bubble gum cigar ?
So , where were we ?
I am sorry .
Well , shall we start over ?
What is wrong ?
Okay , that makes sense . I mean , the mood is a little different now . We , we do not have to rush .
And the mood continues to change .
Hold on . I think I might have a little surprise that might help get things back on track .
No .
It is not about trains .
Stop talking about trains .
You are gonna have to be quieter than that .
One second . All right , you can open your eyes . I thought I had let Harry Potter make things hotter .
I got a Gryffindor robe for you .
I did . Am I in trouble ?
Wait , what just happened ?
Sheldon , do you really want to argue with me on my birthday ?
I know that . But to be fair , I have spent nine months helping Bernadette get ready for this baby , and Howard spent five minutes conceiving it . And I am being generous .
I understand , but this is a special day for them . Can you just try and let it go ?
Sheldon and I are living together .
Well , you are all thinking it , I am the only one who has not done anything worthwhile .
Oh , yay , I have a doctorate in astrophysics and I am every bit as awesome as the pasty faced owner of a comic book store .
I have come to peace with my relationship with my parents . That was a big milestone for me .
Oh , look at all the babies .
Well , that was quite a day .
Well , he did not throw up on the baby . That is a win .
Hi . Welcome back . How was Texas ?
Well , you are home now .
Did you at least have a good flight down there ?
And before our next drive to Comic Con , I need the name of that juice .
So , while we are at your mother is house , it might be a good time to tell her that we are living together .
Maybe there will not be one .
Well , she likes me . You know , there is a chance she might be okay with it .
Mm .
Thank you , God , for the food we are about to receive and for the nourishment of our bodies and bless the hands that prepared it . Amen .
Oh , that is wonderful . Now , have they decided to raise it Jewish or regular ?
They have not said . Anyway , we , uh , we also have some exciting news to share .
Come on , Shelly , tell me your news .
Well , thank you for letting me know , and I , for one , am thrilled .
Obviously , I would prefer if you were not living out of wedlock , but given your special circumstances , I am very happy for you .
Shelly , how do I put this ? By your third birthday , you had memorized over a thousand different kinds of trains , and I never imagined a woman getting aboard any of them .
No . Just for the middle part . ‘Cause at the end I assumed there had be nurses .
Sheldon , do not overreact .
What ?
Sheldon , what , what are you doing ?
We are ignoring the fins , okay .
That is exactly what she was saying .
Well , after that , Sheldon and I got out of the house for a while .
You know , I am sorry your mother made you feel bad . But , you know , at the end of the day , she was wrong , because you are not alone .
What about the woman who just buttered your big flat feet ?
Well , let is try to not let it ruin the rest of our trip .
She was gonna find out eventually .
Sheldon , I knew your mother was fine with us living together because I already told her we were .
This was a potential issue , so I got out ahead of it and I managed the situation for you .
That is right .
Not your whole life . I mean , science , you got that . Organizing your sock drawer , you are the king . But understanding how other people are feeling , that is a weak spot for you .
Have you ? How am I feeling right now ?
You and I are in a relationship . I help you with your shortcomings , and you help me with mine .
Delighted that you showed any interest in my family at all ?
Oh , it is no problem , Amy and Sheldon were just telling us about their trip to Texas .
On purpose , not the way it used to happen in high school .
Okay . Then what happened ?
I do not understand how that turns into the worst fight of your life .
By the way , if anyone asks , the elevator shaft always had a tree in it .
Sure .
Really ? You are never gonna touch their baby ?
Oh , do not take it so personally , maybe your baby is just a jerk .
Sheldon .
Shh , I do not hate you .
Thank you , Sheldon , I am feeling better now .
Damn . I burped so hard , i died in my game .
Why ?
That is nice . I wear a size eight and a half .
Are you gonna laugh at the answer ?
If you must know , Penny won a spa weekend from work , and she is taking me .
So , hang out with me and we will have boys’ night .
Yeah , it left little holes in the floor , that is why I bought the rug .
Hey .
Oh , it was fine .
Uh , chips .
Some wine .
What ? Where is this coming from ?
Fine , go ahead .
I will call you when we get to the hotel .
Uh huh . Bye , Sheldon .
Go ahead , it is fine .
Bye .
I will miss you .
I will miss you more .
Thanks .
Earl grey ?
Honey ?
Unsweetened almond…
Sorry , thank you .
I really do not know .
I do not want to play a game , Sheldon .
Its not that I had stopped trying , its just how relationships progress . They start with infatuation , but over time mellow into something more comfortable .
Material Girl needs ot be retired , that is your karaoke song .
Is it about the failing state of my relationship with Penny ?
I do not want to wait two days for us to work this out .
Okay . I do not get it , you said make an effort , here I am making an effort .
Nice to see you , too .
I am trying to figure it out .
Sheldon , why do not we give them some privacy ?
Bigger problems , I felt something pop .
Uh huh .
It is there on purpose . It is refreshing .
Hey .
What do you say ?
Does it really need to say that ?
Me , too .
I remember signing our first relationship agreement .